I'm back. 
Welcome back, Fuumin!
...What are you doing, Madam Chairwoman?
Does it look like I'm workin'?
Not in the slightest.
Co-rrect! I was checkin' out the latest online videos. This one's hilarious, ahahahaha! 
How do they get the animals to do that? I gotta try that out sometime!
Hah... Seriously...?
Oh, right, did all the candidates show up? 
Yes. We hadn't heard from Yanushi, but he finally made an appearance and now everyone's accounted for.
Yanushi Kenta-kun... Isn't he your cousin, Fuumin? 
What of it? 
Oh, nothing~ Just thinkin' that you're nothin' alike.
I mean, you've always been{W:700} super{W:0} serious, and he's this{W:700} super{W:0} truant. 
He's always skippin' out and has missed a bunch of classes. It's weird that he even bothered enrollin' in the first place.
There's not much I can say about that...
We've let him off the hook a little since he does so well on exams and at the seasonal fairs. Hard to believe he's such a huge slacker!
Whoops! Guess I'm not one to talk, huh? Ahaha!
This isn't funny! You could try a little!
Anyway, it's crazy how talented that guy is.
With his skill level and amazin' sense of aesthetics, it doesn't even matter if he attends or not.
The other students couldn't hold a candle to him. It's kinda scary!
That{W:700} is{W:0} why he's known for being the greatest culinary genius in our academy's history.
Well, now that our little genius is on board, this project is gonna be a huge hit!
Nothing is ever certain. Please do away with that lenient optimism of yours. 
No, no. I totally believe in him! ...Nah, all of our students are crazy talented.
So isn't it better to be optimistic about it than all doom and gloom?
Be that as it may, can we really be sure everything will go according to plan?
The Candidate Exam - An academy tradition where we gather the finest students from across the globe.
This practical exam requires students to cater to real customers, and learn lessons no lecture could teach them.
The best part about this exam is that everyone wins! 
That's true... Many come from far and wide for the chance to taste the handiwork of the future's promising p｡tissier and confectionery artisans.
Not only that, but big industry names show up to scout our students for prospective apprenticeships!
The media's gonna go nuts to try and get the first big scoop, too!
And the customers will come floodin' in because of it! The whole country will be talkin' about us in no time!
We've got this in the bag when that happens. We'll have so many applicants, we won't know what to do with them!
That's how the academy made it big in the first place, anyway.
Do you{W:700} finally{W:0} understand what drove the academy to its current, sorry state?
Mmm... No idea!
Because a certain chairwoman decided the Candidate Exam was too much of a hassle and abolished it!
There are plenty of other reasons at play here, but that's the primary reason!
But it's such a pain in the butt...!
Well, I guess now's not the time to say stuff like that.
If we don't fix this, my lazy lifestyle will go down the drain. 
I can't help but worry, though... Will customers actually show up given our poor reputation?
No problemo, Fuumin! Que sera sera! 
I truly hope so... 
Anywho, let's explain everythin' to the students and get the ball rollin'!
Very well. I'll relay the exam's revival to the appropriate channels, and that Beans Puppy and the Kitty Parlor will soon be open for business!
Thankies~
