Uuugh, what do ya want, Fuumin? 
How many times must I repeat myself before it sinks in, Madam Chairwoman? Please refrain from addressing me in such an informal manner while we're on campus.
Sure thing, Fuumin!
Madam Chairwoman!
Aww, c'mon. What's the big deal? We've known each other since we were in high school, right?
Callin' ya "Fumiko Mameshiba Shepherd-sensei" feels weird after all this time.
I'm going to pretend you didn't just use my full name like that.
Educators like us are supposed to set an example for our students. You{W:700} really{W:0} need to learn how to separate your personal and professional life.
Why are ya always such a stick in the mud, Fuumin? Aaah... This is why you've been single for so long!
You're the last person I want to hear that from.
No, no. You've got it all wrong. It's not that I{W:700} can't{W:0} get a boyfriend, I just don't want one.
Hmph. I find that hard to believe. 
Ah, did ya just scoff at me? It's true, I'm dead serious about this!
I mean, havin' a boyfriend's a{W:700} huge{W:0} drag. Only crazy people waste their precious free time on someone else!
"Precious free time"...? All I've ever seen you do is eat snacks and sleep.
They're the best! Ya can't live without eatin' or sleepin', after all!
Haah... We've somehow gotten off-track. Can we please get back to the earlier topic?
Ah, that's right! What were we talkin' about again?
As I said before, we're going to be in huge trouble if this keeps up.
What? Like ya turnin' into a creepy cat lady if ya don't get married soon?
If you bring that up again, I'll rip your clothes off and dangle you upside down from the roof.
Holy crap, she looks serious... Can't take a joke, can ya?
Fine, fine. You're talkin' about how crummy the school's management has been, right?
That's right. 
Many world-famous p｡tissier and confectionery artisans have graduated from this institution since its founding in the Taisho era.
A number of sister branches were established across Japan and overseas, further promoting our brand to a flood of prospective students.
We pride ourselves on our cutting-edge equipment, facilities, and curriculum. Our top students were even sent to study abroad and are highly sought after by alumni.
The days where everyone spoke highly of PochiTama P｡tissier Academy... are a thing of the past... 
Our glory days are long gone. This year's applicants are at an all-time low, and it's hard to say if we'll be able to keep our doors open next year...
We'll be out on the streets with nothing to show for it if we don't do something...
Well, the times are a changin'. Declinin' birth rates and all that, so there's not much we can do.
Ooh, so yummy! Puttin' red bean paste on a potato chip is kinda weird, but it works! Want some, Fuumin? 
We're having a serious discussion here, so this isn't the time for snacking! Am I going to have to spank you?!
N-No. Like I said, there's nothin' I can do... It's out of my hands.
Out of your hands? Don't you have{W:700} some{W:0} idea as to what got us in this mess in the first place?!
Mm...
Not a clue. 
It's because of you! It's all your fault! 
Huuuh? How could ya say that, Fuumin? I didn't do anything wrong!
That's exactly the problem! You do nothing but laze around and eat snacks!
Not only do you not put any effort into running this academy, but you've gone and abolished many of our traditions and events because they're "too much effort."
Our top, world-renowned instructors quit because they were fed-up with your attitude.
Your mother, the former chairwoman, was such a talented individual, but you... You're so... 
Whaaaat, you're blamin' me for all of this? Wasn't it the faculty's job to support me, Fuumin? 
I can only speak for my own careless actions, but who do you think ignored everyone's advice?
Tough to say!
If you really don't know, then I'll tell you like it is: It was you, Madam Chairwoman Rui Nekotama!
Back off, and stop givin' me the stink eye!
If you're unwilling to rethink your behavior, I've got an idea on how we can fix this.
What is it?
I'll report everything to your mother and she'll decide what to do going forward.
Fine, I got it! I'll fix this! Let's get crackin'!
You're not lying, are you?
Of course not!
The kind of hell she'd subject me to if she found out... Just thinkin' about it makes me want to wet myself...
Then, please, let me hear a realistic proposal. This academy isn't one for baking pies in the sky.  
Okey-dokey, I've got somethin' up my sleeve!
Do you now? 
Let's bring back{W:700} that{W:0} thing! 
The... what?
I meeean, that thing,{W:700} that{W:0}! There's only one thing we can do around this time of year!
Oh, I see... If we appealed to the locals directly, that event{W:700} would{W:0} be perfect.
Will it really go that smoothly, though? 
We haven't hosted it in years, and there's no guarantee it'll produce results now that we're no longer in the public eye.
Are we just gonna sit around, then? Nothin' is certain, ya know! Less broodin', more workin'!
Yes, that's true... I suppose you're right. 
Besides, no matter what shape the academy's in, we've still got our talented students! Such amazin' kids won't be swayed so easily.
We've even got the greatest culinary genius in the academy's history enrolled right now, too!
Kenta... 
So, now that we've got that figured out, can ya round up all of the top students from each branch?
We'll start on the first day of summer vacation, just like we did before!
Very well. I'll start right away.
Phew, I sure worked my butt off. Activatin' my Serious Mode sure is exhaustin'. Maybe I'll take a nap...
Don't you dare!
