Next, Inukai! 
Y-Yes! 
What, are you nervous?
I've never done this sort of thing before...
That's what practice is for. Even if you forget, your muscles won't.
Is this really necessary, though? I thought being a p｡tissi｢re was just about making yummy desserts.
That's precisely{W:700} why{W:0} we're doing this. If you aren't up for the task, then leave.
It's not that! This just seems excessive, is all.
I can't go home without seeing Onii-chan.
Quit complaning, then. You've got people waiting behind you, too.
Jeez, I get it!
Smile, Shinono-chan! Come on, take a deep breath!
Deep breath, deep breath... Fuu, haa... Fuu, haa...
That's the spirit! Now, let's give it a try! 
H-Hello there! B-Belcome to Beans Puppy!
Mm, I stuttered...
I see the France branch's top-rated student still has a thing or two to learn about customer service.
Like I said, I've never done this sort of thing before...
Do you really think your customers will accept that sort of excuse?
Ah, we haven't seen each other in years, and you're being so mean to me, Onee-chan!
What, you two are siblings? But your last names are...
A-Ah! I-Is it because of family drama?! I'm sorry!
Please refrain from making up such wild accusations about our relationship!
Me and Shinono... Ahem, me and Inukai are distant relatives. 
Yup, yup! Onee-chan, Onii-chan, and me played together when we were little.
Ooh, really...? Wait, Onii-chan?
I refuse to take a walk down memory lane with you today. Also, you will refer to me as "Sensei" while we're on campus.
All right, Sensei!
Next up, Nekohana! Show everyone what the main branch can do!
Yes! 
Hello, and welcome to the Kitty Parlor!
You've got great energy! Projecting your voice like that makes it easier to hear, too.
Working at your family's shop really has paid off.
Does your family also have their own store, Koro-chan?
Yup, a bakery. Wait, "also"? Yours does, too?
Yes, a Western-style restaurant! 
Really? Given what we're studying, it doesn't really help the family business much, does it?
Hehe, I guess so!
From what I gather, I'm going to assume everyone's families run their own business.
My family's business, Flowers, was founded in the Meiji era, making it one of the first Western-style p｡tisserie in Kyoto. We're famous!
You're certainly famous, yes. At least locally.
Ugh! Don't look down on me just because your place is nationally recognized!
I didn't mean it that way, though.
Is your family's shop really that famous, Mako-chan?
It's a Japanese-style p｡tisserie called Nekonoya. 
Nekonoya?! I always peek inside every time I go shopping, but there's always a huge line or they're sold out!
I'll admit Nekonoya{W:700} is{W:0} an amazing establishment, but that doesn't extend to Makoto herself!
Yes, that's what I've been saying. 
You'll all see! Before this is over, I'll turn the tables on you with my incredible skills! 
Really? I'm looking forward to it.
That irritatingly calm attitude of yours... always drives me up a wall!
How long have you two known each other?
I live across the street from her. We've known each other for as long as we can remember.
I'll have you all know, I certainly don't live across from her by choice!
What does your family do, Micchan?
Micchan?
You're Michiyo-chan, so Micchan for short. 
I'm sorry to disappoint you, but my family does not run their own business.
My father's a normal salaryman, and my mother is a housewife. 
Is that so?
Hehe. Either way, you're really pretty, Micchan!
...I think I look ordinary.
That's not true at all! You've got a handsome and dignified face, not to mention a stunning body!
Really? Thank you... W-Wait, why are you clinging to my arm like that?!
Just a bit of friendly skinship! 
I-It's just that... I can feel your breasts on my arm...
Hehe... We're both girls, so there's no need to be so embarrassed!
I-Is that how it works? 
Indeed it is! Hehe.
Ahem! I think that's enough pointless chatter for now.
Some of you seem less tense than before. You all know why you were gathered here, right?
To participate in an exam, one that was performed annually until a few years ago.
Precisely. 
In a few days' time, you ladies will be running two academy-owned p｡tisserie and interacting with real customers.
I'd assume Beans Puppy is one and the Kitty Parlor, the p｡tisserie nearby, is the other?
Correct. 
May I ask something?
What is it?
I'm not opposed to taking the exam, but is there a reason why we're giving up our summer vacation for this?
That's true. All of my plans are ruined now.
Upon completing the exam, you will be exempt from all remaining tests, be eligible to graduate early, as well as request a month off from classes at any time you choose.
Exempt from all remaining tests... Seriously?! That's awesome!
Additionally, the two highest-ranked students will be granted the title of "MVP."
And receive an award from our academy's chairwoman.
What kind of reward? 
I have no idea. With that said, I wouldn't get your hopes up about that if I were you...
The reward doesn't really matter. Being MVP means you stand head and shoulders above the rest. 
This is my chance to finally prove I'm superior to Makoto! I can't let this golden opportunity pass me by!
This exam will surely benefit all of you.
Just know many successful alumni once walked this same path, and have since taken the world by storm. That is how important this examination is.
Use this time to remember why you enrolled in this academy, and strive for the bright future that's ahead of you!
Why I enrolled, huh...? My reason's a bit... indecent.
Oh, I know why! You thought you could pig out on all the sweets when you enrolled, right?
That's not really it.
Is it because there's a boy you like here? 
Almost! The guy I had a crush on was going to enroll the year after me.
I see. So he's a year younger than you? That means he and I are the same age.
Ahaha... Indecent, isn't it?
That's why I'm here, too!
Really?
Yeah. There's a guy I really like, so I came here to chase after him...
Whatever your motives may be, the fact remains you're all skilled enough to be chosen as candidates. 
My skill level leaves a lot to be desired. I've got a long ways to go!
Let's do our best, both in experience and love!
Yes! 
At any rate, where on earth is he? We called you all here yesterday, but I'm surprised he hasn't reached out to say he'd be late...
Is another student going to be joining us?
Yes. With his talent, this student is recognized to be the greatest culinary genius in the academy's history.
The only problem is that he's got truancy issues... 
We believe his presence is crucial for the exam's success, but... 
You don't meanｩ
I'm here, I made it! Yanushi Kenta has arrived, albeit late!
There you are... 
I knew it! It's Kenta-kun! 
O-Onii-chan?!
Kenta?!
Yanushi-kun?!
...Ya-Yanushi?! 
Hey, it's Ken-chan! It's been so long! 
Huh? Huh? Huh? Y-You all know him?! 
Huh? What are you guys doing here? I don't know what's going on, but looks like it's gonna be fun either way!
