Hard to believe I know all of the candidates. What are the odds, huh?
If that's the case, then that means we should be able to work together pretty well.
If we work as a team, I'm sure our shop will be a huge success!
Who could it be? 
The door's open, so come in! 
Pardon me.
Ah, Senpai. What's up?
Hmm, I just wanted to chat for a bit. Are you busy?
Nope, I wasn't doing anything, actually.
Oh wow. You managed to get one of the single rooms?
You didn't?
We're in groups of three. Makoto-chan, Hinana-chan, and I are sharing a room.
Really? That actually sounds like fun.
It is! They're a lot of fun, so there's never a dull moment.
I still can't wrap my head around it, though.
What do you mean?
The other candidates traveled pretty far to come here, so it makes sense for them to stay in the dorms...
But we live nearby, so we could just commute to and from the academy.
I think it's so we can become better friends and teammates.
Comrades living under the same roof, eating from one pot... I'd assume that's what they were going for. 
Mhm, most likely.
Speaking of which, we have to cook our own meals, right?
We do. They said we're free to use the ingredients in the dining hall.
I guess since they've given us room and board, we're expected to handle the rest.
There's no reason to keep an eye on us either, so that's fine.
There's something you should know since you arrived late, Kenta-kun.
We only have one bathroom and it's on the third floor, so we'll be sharing it.
The girls can bathe between 7PM and 9PM. You're welcome to use it after that.
I know that's pretty late... I'm sorry.
That's fine, I always take a bath before I go to bed anyway. 
Really? 
Yeah. My whole body feels warm and I sleep really well after.
I see! 
Anyway, it's weird to say it now, but it's been a while since we've seen each other.
It really has! You kind of disappeared for three months. I was really worried about you, too...
You never showed up for class and would run off to go train at who knows where.
If this were any other school, you wouldn't have enough credits and be held back a year.
Ahaha... Good thing I got in, then.
You make it sound like it's someone else's problem...
Anyway, where did you go and what were you doing?
I went to Okinawa to learn how to make Kompyang and Tannafakuru.
What kind of sweets are those? I can't even begin to imagine... 
But, seriously, Okinawa? You really will go to any lengths for your craft, huh?
It's all for the sake of making sweets!
I'm sure knowing how to prepare all sorts of different pastries will come in handy someday.
There's no telling where a clue on how to make the Ultimate Sweet might be hiding!
'"The Ultimate Sweet..." You really are a child at heart, Kenta-kun.
And, shifting topics here, but are you really friends with all the other girls?
Yeah. Nono's my cousin and I met everyone else while traveling.
I... I see...
And, hmm... 
Oh, who's that? 
The door's open, so come in. 
W-Wait just a moment! I am not letting you rush in ahead of me! 
I could say the same to you. 
Oh, hey, you two. It's been a while. 
That's a crummy way to greet someone you haven't seen in a year.
Really? What should I say, then?
Well, let's see... A nice, warm hug and you whispering passionately in my ear would work.
M-Makoto-chan?! 
You needn't acknowledge her pointless drivel, Yanushi-kun.
Calling it "drivel" is kind of harsh.
Save it for someone who is willing to listen!
Hahaha, looks like you two are still getting along.
How do you figure?!
I was wondering where you were, Korone-san, but I didn't think I'd find you here. 
Huh? Oh, hmm, yeah. 
Ah, I see... So, you're my rival, huh?!
R-Rival?!
Isn't it obvious? Rival in loｩ
Whaaaa! Stop, stop! 
What are you freaking out about?
What do you mean, why... That's, uhm, you know...
I cannot believe my ears...! I already have my hands full with Makoto, and now you, too?!
Not Inuta-san, too... Hmm...
Is there a reason why you're all here?
I wasn't expecting much, but talk about a cold welcome... Isn't wanting to see you a good enough reason?
Either way, I just wanted to know if something was up.
Is that why you're here, too, Hana?
I loathe being lumped together with{W:700} her{W:0}, but I'll allow it for now.
It's been a year since we saw each other last, so I've got a lot to talk about.
Has it really been that long?
You look taller and manlier than last time.
You're looking quite nice, too, Makoto.
Heheh, thank you. Nothing makes me happier than hearing you say that.
Wh-What about me?
I could say the same about you, too. Actually, you were always pretty, but now you seem more refined.
R-Really? I can't really tell myself...
Ugh... You never told me I was pretty...
Did you say something, Senpai? 
No, nothing! 
Wonder who it could be?
The door's open, so come in. 
We've come to hang out!
I've got nothing to say to you. She dragged me here against my will!
Oh, but haven't you two known each other for a long time?
I'm sure you guys have plenty of stories to share.
I've got a{W:700} lot{W:0} to tell you, that's for sure!
No! I said I didn't, and just breathing the same air as this fool makes me sick!
She sure seems to dislike you. 
H-Hmm... Michiyo-san? 
Who gave you permission to speak my name, cretin?! 
C-Cretin...? 
Again?! There's only one person missing... 
You can come in, Nono. 
I'm surprised you could tell it was me, Onii-chan... 
...Wait, what's everyone doing here?!
That's what I wanna know. 
H-Huh, wait... Does that mean you're all after Kenta-kun?! 
This is bad... I never knew I had so much competition...
So the person you liked was... I knew it, Nekohana-san...!
I won't lose, no matter who I'm up against!
