Good morning, Kenta-kun.
You're late. 
Hehe, it's a good thing the weather is nice today, too. 
A good morning to you, Yanushi-kun. 
Hmph!
I'm the last one here?
You've got bedhead, Onii-chan!
Ah, you're right. I forgot to brush it before I left... How'd I miss that?
Jeez, talk about sloppy! It's embarrassing when you don't take better care of yourself.
How does my messy hair affect you, exactly?
We are blood-related, after all!
Nono's still sour with me, huh...?
She's been in a bad mood ever since we took that walk.
A week had passed since then, so I figured she'd be over it by now.
Nono's always been the stubborn type, though.
I guess our promise really meant a lot to her...
I had been racking my brain since then, but had nothing to show for it.
...Oh well, I'll figure it out eventually.
I see you're all here. 
Oh, good morning, Onee-chan.
How many times must I repeat myself, Inukai? I'm your "Sensei" while we're on campus.
Oof, I'm sorry...
Aww, give her a break, Fuumin! If you're grumpy first thing in the mornin', you'll get even more wrinkles!
What do you mean "even more"? ...I refuse to let that slide, but I'll save that discussion for later.
Crap! She's in that preachy mode of hers again!
Anyway, you must separate your personal and professional lives. I'd be setting a bad example if I allowed such lax behavior just because we're related.
You really need to chill, Fuumin. Try laughin' a little more! C'mon, give me a smile!
Now's not that time for that.
That's why you'll never get a boyfriend!
I believe I've said this before, but you're the{W:700} last{W:0} person who should be saying that.
What, really?
Jeez...
Hmm...
What's wrong?
I was just wondering why there was a kid here.
Huh... K-Kenta-kun?
Ohoho, a kid, huh? You're not talkin' about me, right?
Who else is there? Where are your parents, little girl?
...Fuumin, what kind of little brother did you raise, huh? Well?
Not my problem. It's not surprising he'd think that, given how little authority you actually give off.
Ooh! That's goin' too far!
Yanushi-kun... Do you really not know who she is?
What? Is this grade-schooler some kind of local celebrity?
G-Grade schooler?! 
Ah, sorry. Are you in middle school?
I'm astonished. I guess this is what they meant by "jaw-dropping."
Huh? What is? Wait, what?
As hard as it is to believe, she's actually the chairwoman of this academy.
Ahaha, that's not funny... Wait, you wouldn't tell silly jokes like that, Nee-san.
That means... she's actually...
Hehehehe... Now you're finally gettin' it! I'm the one and only chairwoman!
All that bravado just makes it harder to believe... a runt like this is the chairwoman?
She may look young, but we're actually the same age.
N-No way...
I'm afraid it's true. I understand how you feel, though.
Seriously? A student in the main branch didn't know who the chairwoman was...?
I can't believe it, either!
How many classes have you skipped to not know the face of this academy's sovereign ruler?!
You don't exactly run a tight ship...
You really should be thankin' me, y'know!
After all, it's because of my authority as chairwoman that we swept all of your absences under the rug.
Huh? Is that true, Nee-san? 
It's "Sensei," not "Nee-san."
But yes, what she said is true.
That's right, I own ya, boy! Better watch yourself.
U-Understood! Thank you very much!
Mhm~! So long as ya get it!
Ahem. I would like to begin, if you please. 
Everyone's already been briefed, but I'll repeat the instructions again to ensure we're all on the same page.
Over the last week, for the sake of this exam, you've all learned the fundamentals of customer service.
You'll be split into two groups and are responsible for running two on-site caf｣s.
Such talents are useless if you can't successfully put them into practice.
This exam will help you obtain the skills needed to excel at your work.
Up until now, you may have thought knowing how to make sweets was enough...
However, there's more to being an artisan than that and you will soon come to that realization.
I'll now announce where each group will be stationed.
The Kitty Parlor will be managed by Nekohana, Nekodomari, and Nekojou.
Inukai, Inuta, and Inuyama will be in charge of Beans Puppy. 
What about me? 
The female students outperformed the men, meaning you're the only male candidate here, Yanushi.
We'll need someone to handle the heavy lifting, so you'll be helping out at both shops.
Which you choose to help is up to you. 
Ah, I see. Understood. 
That's basically it. Everyone knows what to do?
Yeees! 
All right, here are your uniforms. Try 'em on to make sure they fit!
You can change behind that curtain. Please do so as soon as you're able.
Here ya go, Kenta-kun.
Thank you. I'll go try it on real quick. 
Wait, Yanushi.
What's up?
Everyone will be sharing the changing area, so you'll need to wait until the girls are done.
Oh, so that's how it is... By the way, Nee-san.
"Sensei."
Um... Sensei, did you take this exam when you were a student here?
It was before the exam was abolished five or so years ago, but yes.
Were you a candidate, Sensei?
No, I'm afraid I wasn't.
Oh... Your sweets were always so good, though. If you didn't make it, then the exam must've been really difficult.
...
I was a candidate for three years in a row.
You're a p｡tissi｢re, ma'am?
Totes! I graduated from this academy, too.
I still can't believe you two are the same age... If anything, you look like a mom and her daughter...
That makes it sound like I'm old. 
No, no. I didn't mean it that way... Hahaha...
We're done changing. 
Wow...! Look at you guys!
Don't look at me in such a perverted fashion, you degenerate ape!
I swear I didn't mean to.
Whatever your intentions are, I find your gaze unpleasant. 
Haha... Well, it is certainly different from your typical uniform.
What do you think? Does it look weird on me? 
Weird? Not at all, it looks great! Really cute, in fact!
R-Really? 
Yes, it looks perfect.
I'm glad... 
We'll head out to the shops as soon as Yanushi's done changin'!
I'll make it quick!
