Welcome to the Kitty Parlor!
Whoa, so cute! I can't believe it!
You've spent the last week training at Beans Puppy, so this place must feel quite different to you.
I assumed we'd all be tested under the same conditions, but it has a very distinct interior design.
I wondered what kind of shop this would be.
Beans Puppy has this cool, mature feel to it, but this place is totally cute!
I'm sure this caf｣ will be quite popular with the younger crowd.
It's amazing! Knowing I'm going to be working in a shop like this is a huge motivator!
Heehee, right?
...This caf｣{W:700} is{W:0} cute, but something about it is bothering me.
What do you mean?
Well, why are there so many cats in here?
Huh, cats? Where, where?! 
Ahhh! You're right, they're so cute!
Hehe... Koro-chan's so cute when she gets excited. I could just gobble her up...
There are so many different breeds here, too...
What's going on here, Onee-chan?
I've told you to call me "Sensei."
Anyway, we forgot to mention that this was a cat caf｣.
A cat caf｣?
Yup, yup! It's a themed caf｣ where "customers can be magically healed by both sweets and cute kitties!"
The theme was more of an afterthought.
After the chairwoman abolished the exam, this shop became her cat sanctuary for strays.
She couldn't drive them away, so we turned it into a cat caf｣ instead.
So we had our training at Beans Puppy because this place was closed for renovations?
Exactly. It was a pretty severe expense to make, given how bleak our budget is... 
Having cats in a shop that serves food... is that hygienic? 
All the cats were tested by a vet, so it's all good!
Anyone who actually cares about that sort of thing wouldn't come to a cat caf｣ anyway.
Ah, I see... That does make sense. 
They're all so cute, but this one is super huggable! I feel so blessed...!
Does this little one have a name, ma'am?
Nope. It's such a pain to pick out names!
Are all of the cats here nameless?
Ayup~!
Does that mean we can name them?!
Go for it.
Yay! Okay, so, this little one is... hmm... err... 
You're tiny, so I'll call you Tai! Your name is Tai now!  
It looks about average to me?
It's fine, I've already decided!
Meow!
See? He likes it, too! 
Heehee, that tickles. 
So cute, it coiled around your neck like a muffler. 
Yeah. It tickles, but he's warm.
If he's like a muffler, why not call him "Muffmeow"?
Muffmeow? 
That's exactly what he is. 
You think so, too, Senpai?
Muffmeow? Hmm, Muffmeow...
Daddy just named you, Muffmeow. Say hello.
Meow! 
Hehe, he likes it!
Finally, someone who appreciates that I'm a man of true culture and taste.
What an awfully smug face...
Did you think of a name for your cat, Hinana? 
Yes, his name is "Daifuku-san."
Daifuku-san? 
He's white with brown spots... Doesn't he look like a yummy daifuku? Mmph...
Hey, you're drooling! 
Since you guys did it, I wanna give the other cats names, too!
Yes, please name the rest!
All right! Scoot over, little ones, so I can give ya a name!
Okay, Kaya's the white one, that brown cat is Orteca, and Morta's that gray one.
That was quick! 
Do the names mean something?
Totally random! I just liked how they sounded.
It was random...?
It's no biggie. I put a lot of love into their names!
Uh-huh, sure...
It looks like you're all settled in now.
I'll start by explaining the shop's interior.
The counter over there is for preparing and serving drinks. 
You can't see it from here, but the kitchen is behind the counter.
While the front of the house may be different from Beans Puppy, the kitchen is identical.
It should be easy for you to prepare pastries, breads, and light meals there.
What do we do if we run out of ingredients?
You're free to access the storeroom near the office for additional supplies.
Any other questions?
...
None, it seems. That concludes our briefing regarding the Kitty Parlor. 
We'll be moving to Beans Puppy next. Let's go, everyone.
Do you really need to give us a run-down there, too?
If you've got the energy to make such remarks, why not put it into doing what you're told?
Yes, yes. Roger that.
One "Yes" was enough. 
Ahaha, you're so harsh... 
