Sorry, but can you hand me that bowl over there?
Here you are. 
Thanks!
You're quite welcome. 
But my, your skills are incredible. You've really improved since the last time we met.
You say that, but isn't everyone here like that? You're all making such complicated sweets like it's nothing.
All of us were selected to take this exam for a reason.
Your talents likely came from working at your family's Western-style p｡tisserie, but I didn't know Michiyo-san would be so good at making anything other than Japanese candy art.
Was that praise? Or are you trying to mock me?
It was a compliment.
Hmph. Your "kind" words mean nothing to me.
Do you think yourself skilled enough to evaluate others?
We're all partners here and we should try to be a bit more respectful of each other, Inuyama-san.
I do not acknowledge this man as a partner. That is all.
However... I will separate my private and professional lives. Inside this store, I will be respectful so as to not disrupt our work.
As agonizing as it may be, I will listen to you so long as it is work-related.
Is it really that horrible to talk to me...?
A-Anyway, I'm sure the customers will be satisfied with the sweets our group makes.
That goes without saying.
Obviously.
I hate to admit it, but I'm quite anxious...
What is there to be anxious about?
I know our menu is spot-on. One bite is all it'll take for everyone to fall in love with our shop.
That's if someone actually shows up to taste it, though... What if no one comes?
There's no telling if customers will show up, but that doesn't change what we have to do.
Our products need to be fully stocked at all times for when they{W:700} do{W:0} come.
That goes without saying.
...True. Everything will fall into place so long as we do what we have to do.
I can't believe I, of all people, said something so shameful and weak.
G-Guys, we've got a problem!
Are you done cleaning the front of the store?
I'm done with that! We've got bigger problems, though!
Calm down. What's the matter?
People are lining up outside!
...What?
L-Like I said, the customers are already here!
What?! We're not supposed to open for another hour!
But they really are there!
