We're finally done for the day.
Mhm, good job. Any thoughts after your first day on the job?
We didn't have that many customers, but it was still kinda messy since it's our first day.
Really? You were doing such a great job serving them, though.
I had to try{W:700} really{W:0} hard. My heart was beating like crazy!
We had a small morning rush, and again later in the afternoon. I was quite relieved, frankly.
Some customers had apparently heard about us online.
It's probably thanks to that female customer I served. She was really happy!
People are already talking about us. The Internet is incredible!
With that said, should we do something to besmirch our good name, word would spread like wildfire.
We must remain vigilant when it comes to our work.
You're right. If people are going to talk, then it should only be good things!
Anyway, I was surprised when we had a line of people waiting to get in.
Oh yeah. That really was a shocker.
I suppose the teachers spreading the word about us ahead of time bore fruit. 
I'm certain that's part of it, but some said they were anticipating this day would eventually come.
They were looking forward to it?
After enjoying it for so long, they were quite disappointed when the exam was abolished all those years ago.
It seems getting to see where the world's finest and up-and-coming p｡tissiers originated from is exciting for them.
They couldn't help but line up when they heard the exam had been reinstated.
Wow, so that's why...
The Candidate Exam is a well-known tradition in this area.
As you've heard, quite a few people look forward to the exam and would come here every year.
Due to the exam being abruptly abolished, demand for this year is extraordinarily high.
We should be very thankful they haven't forgotten about us after all this time.
Quite true. 
Do you think we lived up to their expectations?
I'm sure we did. Everyone looked really happy.
Improve yourselves, so your name may reach further and you can make even more people smile.
We definitely will, Onee-chan!
That's "Sensei."
By the way, I haven't seen the chairwoman all day. Flying solo today, Nee-san?
{W:700}"Sensei."{W:0} I'd assume it's on purpose since both of you said it.
Don't know what to tell you. I've always called you that. It's hard to call you anything else.
That's right! 
Oh, jeez...
If you're looking for the chairwoman, try checking under the desk.
Under the desk?
Zzz... Mmgh, Mmph...
...She's asleep. 
She's been snoozing for most of the day. This isn't new, but it never ceases to amaze me...
She does this a lot, huh...?
Remember this: If you slack off, you'll turn into a lazy sloth like her.
Etch this sloven, untidy face into your memories. Work hard now so you won't meet the same fate.
That's a rather cruel thing to say about the chairwoman...
Not harsh enough. The grief she's caused me pales in comparison.
...You must have gone through a lot. 
Either way, good job out there. Today was a superb beginning to your exam. 
Yay! 
I'll work on improving our weakest points so we can do an even better job tomorrow.
Indeed. We mustn't dawdle, and should always strive to better ourselves.
Absolutely! I can't wait for tomorrow!
Your resolve is admirable, but it would be wise to take this time to relax.
Uugh. I can't wait to take a bath.
Same here. I can already smell how sweaty I am.
The bath is perfect for washing away your exhaustion.
Let's hurry up and get changed, then. I'll kill you if you peek, Onii-chan.
Don't worry, I won't look...
We're back from the Kitty Parlor.
Good job today.
Oh, I see Ken-chan's group is already here. 
We just got back not too long ago.
I've been watching you, and while there's a number of nitpicks I could make, you all did very well for your first day on the job.
That's great... I'm relieved. 
Hehe! It was a lot of fun.
Mhm! I can't believe how happy all of our customers were!
Why are you surprised? Of course that would happen with{W:700} me{W:0} on your team.
Ahaha, you're as amazing as ever, Makoto-chan.
It was super surprising, though! Especially when they were all lined up outside.
Many of our customers were from around the neighborhood, too.
It appeared we weren't the only ones with a line of customers.
Today really was fun. There's nothing better than hands-on training!
Man... I can't wait for tomorrow!
