We're really busy today.
Mhm! It seems we were worried over the store's re-opening for nothing.
We've gotta stay on our toes, though! If we work hard, I'm sure even more people will come!
That's why we have to give them the best food and service! I feel like we'll be great at both things!
I won't give up, either! If I'm going to do this, I'll give it my all!
It's a contest, then! Let's see which one of us becomes MVP!
I'll take you on!
Speaking of which, wasn't the chairwoman going to award a special prize to the MVP? I wonder what it is?
Like Nee-san said, we probably shouldn't expect too much out of her.
Oooh, is someone bein' sassy?
When did you get here?!
Thirty minutes ago? I don't really remember.
What are you doing here? 
What does it look like I'm doin'?
Playing hooky?
Bzzzt, wrong! Your turn, Korone-chan. 
...Just chilling?
Ex-act-ly! Imma chargin' muh batteries, y'know?
I'm not slackin' off, though! I'm actually psyching myself up to work{W:700} really{W:0} hard today!
And when are you actually going to start working?
Only the good Lord knows that one, buddy. Could be in a second, or three hundred years from now.
Jeez... Nee-san's working really hard, and you should, too.
You're just cousins, but the two of ya are so alike! Ya make it sound like I never do anything.
Do you consider{W:700} this{W:0} working?
Ya just don't get it! Dont'cha know what my role in this exam is yet?
Watching and evaluating us?
See! Korone-chan gets it! Watchin' and gradin' you guys{W:700} is{W:0} my job.
It might{W:700} look{W:0} like I'm slackin' off, but I'm just keepin' a super close eye on ya.
What did you mean by "chargin' muh batteries," then?
I can watch and charge up the ol' battery at the same time. It's easy peasy when you're as awesome as me.
I'm really starting to feel bad for Nee-san...
Ahaha...
I'm feelin' kinda snacky, so go get me a Super Jumbo Parfait.
We don't have that on the menu.
Go make one just for me, then!
Fine. You{W:700} are{W:0} going to pay for it, right?
Nope, nope. I'm testin' the quality of your work, so it's a freebie!
You just said you were feeling "snacky."
Ignore that and hop to it! If ya don't, I'll throw a tantrum.
Is she really the same age as Nee-san...?
Ahahaha...
