Let's take a break here.
Wh-What a relief... We've been walking for an hour...
Are you out of shape, Kenta-kun?
Ah, yeah. I spent all of my time indoors while I was training.
You should exercise every now and then. 
I, uhh, see that now. I'll make sure to find the time to exercise. 
If you take this long of a walk every day, then it's no wonder why you're so healthy.
My goal is to make sure I'm healthy enough to go on these sorts of walks when I'm a grandma.
If anyone can pull that off, it's you, Senpai. 
Anyway, let's have breakfast!
What? Here? 
Tada! How about this?
Croissants and milk?
I baked them this morning. The milk is from the dining hall, though.
Wait, you made these, Senpai?
Yup. I was in the mood to eat outside today.
It takes time to bake these... When did you wake up?
Around 3AM?
That's way too early! The sun's not even up yet!
The early bird gets the worm, you know?
That's still too early...
Here you go. 
I can have this? 
I'm not mean enough to eat these by myself when I know you're hungry.
I made plenty, so help yourself!
In that case, I'll have some. Thanks!
Okay, here.
Om... Omomom... It's good! 
Really?
Yes! This really takes me back. Reminds me of when we were in school and you'd bring these to the committee meetings.
Ahaha, how nostalgic... I wonder why we were so busy back then?
That's a loaded question... It's{W:700} because{W:0} we were so busy that we got to spend a lot of time together.
Are you happy we met?
Of course. Who wouldn't be happy to be with someone as great as you?
That's a pretty straight answer... It makes me sad to know you don't mean it{W:700} that{W:0} way...
What way?
Y-You don't have to know, Kenta-kun! 
I don't really get it, but all right.
You're honest to a fault... I know what I said, but it does bother me...
Aaaaaaaaaah, jeez! 
Whoa, look at you go...! You must be starved, to eat that fast. 
These really are yummy, though! I'll never get tired of your bread, Senpai. It's amazing.
I could eat this every day. Really, how do you make it? How does it taste better than other bread?
I'm not doing anything in particular. I always use the usual recipe. 
It's so good, though... You're really talented.
It's not a big deal, but I am much more confident at baking than making sweets.
I've been baking bread since I was little, and helping out at my parents' place almost every day since I enrolled in the academy. Anyone would get better with that much practice.
Have you baked anything recently?
Well, it's kind of difficult with the exam going on.
Either way, it's impressive you've been at this for so long.
Ahaha... You're the impressive one, Kenta-kun. You've been traveling around the country and training to become a better p｡tissier.
It's mostly a hobby for me. I enjoy learning new techniques and stuff.
Having fun is important, but I'd wish you'd be at the academy more often.
You're probably fine no matter where you go, but I can't help but worry when you don't keep in touch.
I'm sorry for making you worry. 
W-Worrying about the guy you... l-love is a given.
It still feels a little strange, knowing someone as wonderful as you has feelings for me...
I-It's not strange. 
J-Just going to put it out there, but... I'm serious about you, so keep that in mind!
Don't forget what I said before, too. I don't want things to be awkward between us.
Mhm.
All right, let's eat up and head back.
