Thank you for your patronage! We hope to see you again. 
Female Student 
Excuse me, can I have the special shortcake, a montblanc, and a fig tarte to go?
Of course. Please wait a moment.
Female Student 
Wow, you're really busy today!
Yes, thank you very much.
Female Student 
I guess that comes with your good reputation.
Really? Our reputation's gotten better?
Female Student 
My friends told me all about this place. They said your cakes were crazy good.
Thank you very much.
Female Student 
They also said the guy working here was a real cutie.
Th-Thank you...
I have your order right here. Is this everything?
Female Student 
Yep, looking good. 
How far will you be carrying it? I can put in an ice pack for you.
Female Student 
Not very far, so it's all right.
I see. Here's your bill, then. Your three items come to exactly 1,000 yen.
Female Student 
All righty. 1,000 yen.
That's 1,000 yen. Thank you very much.
Female Student 
I'll bring my friends with me to try your desserts next time!
Thank you very much. We're looking forward to it.
Female Student 
Great! Bye-bye, mister.
Mister, huh...? She looks the same age as me.
You look composed, so she probably thought you were older. 
Composed? That's a first. 
You look like a troublemaker at first glance, but you're actually quite mature. Almost like you've got nerves of steel, you know?
They notice that once they get to know you.
I don't really see it. 
A lot of people ordered takeout today. 
The shop's almost full, too. I guess they'd prefer to eat it at home rather than wait for a table.
Could be. Either way, it's great that we have a lot of customers. 
Maybe it's because the weather's clear. 
That's part of it, but I'm sure it's also due to our good reputation.
More and more people are coming here to try our cakes.
That's a good thing.
Mhm! It's important for people to say good stuff about us. It makes me want to work harder so our customers enjoy this place more.
That's a very good approach to have.
Nee-san.
It's "Sensei."
Anyway, Nekohana. Head to the office. It's urgent.
Huh? Did something happen? 
This isn't something we can discuss here. Please go there immediately. 
A-All right! 
...
Did Senpai do something?
You heard me. It's not something I can disclose here, much less to someone who's not involved.
You should focus on your job, not worry about things that don't concern you. Goodbye.
...What happened?
