Let's have breakfast. 
Oh, you brought some with you again today.
Yep. I made sandwiches this time!
Whoa, these are really elaborate-looking. Almost like the kind you'd sell in stores.
I wanted to go with something luxurious this time. Feel free to have some.
Are you sure?
Of course. Help yourself!
You can have some of mine then, too.
Did you also make something, Kenta-kun?
You made breakfast for us last time, so I wanted to return the favor.
Oh, scones! They've got a nice color to them. May I?
Of course. I baked them for you. 
Thanks. So let's share. 
All right. Heh, this is kind of fun. 
Right? Anyway, time to dig in... Om.
It's so good! It's like my whole body could taste it the second I put it in my mouth!
I should eat scones more often. They're like the definitive breakfast food.
You can add jam or clotted cream for extra flavor. I brought tea with me, too. Please help yourself to that.
You're well prepared. Aaah... This milk tea smells so good. 
You like it, right?
Yeah, I love it! You remembered. 
Of course I did. I think I've got a pretty good idea of what you like.
Th-Thanks... You should eat some, too, Kenta-kun.
All right. Thank you for the food! Om...
H-How is it...?
It's delicious! Not only is the lettuce fresh but, more importantly, this bread is incredible!
I'm in awe every time I eat it. I could eat your bread every day and never get tired of it.
Thank you. You're the only one who says that kind of thing to me.
Maaaan, it's so good. Where did you buy this tasty mayo? 
I didn't. I made it myself.
Makes sense. It's so different from what I usually eat, and has a more refined, rich flavor than what they sell in stores. I love it!
You always look so happy when you eat the food I make, and it really warms my heart.
I'm the one who should be saying that. Thanks for letting me eat all this tasty food. 
I've been in love with your sweets from the moment I tried them. 
That's why I decided to study to become a p｡tissi｢re.
I've got a long ways to go if the only thing I'm really good at is just baking bread.
I'll say this again, but I really do like the sweets you make, Senpai. You're really good as you are now.
When I was selected as a candidate, for a moment I thought that I might actually be good at this.
However, I realized pretty quickly that I'm not that good, especially compared to how amazing you and the others are.
I'm not confident enough to match any of you in terms of skills.
I don't have that kind of confidence, either. 
Even after making something and believing I've done all I could, I look at it again later, realize I could've done it better, and beat myself up over it.
If{W:700} you're{W:0} not good at this, then there's no way I am.
Aaah. I really want to get better at making sweets, but the only way to do it is to keep practicing.
That's right. You learn something new every day, which is why the environment we're in now is perfect for it.
I'm surrounded by people our age, and they've taught me so many things that I didn't know. This exam's really opened my eyes.
You're right. Rather than being upset at how good everyone else is, I should just learn all I can from them!
Keeping your head down only narrows your field of vision. Looking up and having fun while you do it is a win-win.
Having fun is a win-win... I like it. I'll keep those words close to my heart.
It really is wonderful.
Huh? What is?
Your smile. 
J-Jeez... There you go again! Embarrassing me...
Anyway, taking advantage of your surroundings isn't a bad thing. If anything,{W:700} not{W:0} taking advantage of it is worse.
We've still got some time left, but can you teach me a bit about making sweets?
Right now? Sure, I don't mind. 
Thanks, Kenta-kun. 
