I'm done. Here, give it a taste.
Sure. I'll try it. Om...
Wow! That's delicious! You paired them together so well... I can't believe it.
You like it? That's good. 
I was skeptical since all the ingredients have very pronounced flavors, but you did it well.
It just happened to work out that way.
You really are amazing, though. You need more than skill to bring out the best in ingredients, but great ideas, too.
I never thought of combining them. It takes a crazy sense of taste and aesthetics to come up with that.
It's not that impressive. I just mixed stuff I liked together.
Nothing else to it. In all honesty, it going so well was mostly a coincidence.
You just mixed the stuff you liked together?
You don't always have to think too hard about it. You know, like a pork cutlet with curry.
Huh? Pork cutlet with curry?
People thought it would be cool to combine the two foods into one. Isn't it awesome how they invented a brand-new dish?
That's all I'm doing. I think of something and try it out. There's nothing more to it than that.
I was lucky it turned out well this time, but that's on top of a long list of failed dishes.
You've made mistakes, too, Kenta-kun?
As I've said before, yes, I've made mistakes. There's not a person alive who hasn't failed at{W:700} something{W:0} at least once.
That's true, but I'm still surprised.
I'm really not that good, but maybe that's why I can pull off some of this stuff.
I've got nothing to lose if I try, and I'm lucky if it happens to work out.
Ideas are just ideas until you put them into action, and I won't know if something will taste good unless I try it.
Trying and doing is better than just thinking about it. That will tell you for sure what does and doesn't taste good.
I'm the type to act first, think later, too. I've kind of gone the safe route lately, though...
I really didn't want to screw up after being chosen as a candidate...
You're right! Failure is the mother of success, so I've gotta step up my game!
Mhm. Even if I waste ingredients, I need to learn from my failures!
Thinking back on it, I mixed a lot of stuff in when I first started baking bread and wasted a bunch of ingredients.
I can't believe I forgot something so simple and precious. I'm glad I remembered... 
Doing a study session this morning was totally worth it.
I learned a lot, too.
It really is true that the early bird gets the worm, and we just hit the jackpot!
Hehe. We got to spend a lot of time together this morning, too. It doesn't get much better than this.
It only makes me want more, though...
Do you want something more? 
I want to... feel you, Kenta-kun... If you know what I mean...
Senpai...
