What should I do today? It was my day off, and being told to do whatever I wanted  was pretty vague.
A health inspector closed down our kitchen for a periodic inspection, but that left me at a loss for what to do.
It felt wrong to waste the day away and roll around in bed... maybe I could go to the library and pick up a recipe book?
...I pick the lamest ways to relax on my days off, huh?
Good morning, Kenta-kun. Isn't it nice out today?
Good morning. 
Oh, that's right! Do you want to go out on a date with me today?
Huh? You're asking me out on a date? 
Yeah, I think I'll be able to make the best out of today with you, Senpai. 
I'm so happy! Going on a date with you sounds like a lot of fun.
But... I'm sorry. I've gotta head back home today to check up on Dad.
I see. Well, no way around that.
I'm really sorry for turning you down after you went to the trouble of asking me. I promise I'll make it up to you!
Don't worry about it and go on ahead.
All right. I'm off, then.
Have a great day. 
It sure sounded like a good idea, but sometimes things just don't work out.
Back to the drawing board, I guess... What should I do?
What else is there? Go on a date with me, of course!
Nono.
Heheheh, I saw you. Nekohana-san turned you down.
She's got bigger things to worry about.
I heard her dad collapsed. 
Senpai said he's fine now, but she's still worried.
So, you're offering to go on a date with me and standing in for Senpai?
What are you saying?! Of course not! Onii-chan, you nincompoop!
You just said you wanted to "go on a date" with me.
I did, and that's because you're going on a date with{W:700} me{W:0}!
Huh? You're contradicting yourself. 
I'm totally not!
No, I'm pretty sure you did.
I'll be going on a date with you as myself, not as Nekohana-san's stand-in!
Oh, so that's what you meant. 
Don't say it like that! There's something else you should be saying.
I want to go on a date with you, Nono. Will you go out with me?
Yep, yep. I'll hang out with you, just because you asked so nicely.
