Maybe it's a bit late to ask this, but should we have switched out of our uniforms before going on our walk? We kinda stand out.
I think it's fine. There's no one really around at this hour, so I don't think it's necessary. 
Do you want to know{W:700} why{W:0} I asked you to go on a walk wiht me? Or have you already figured it out?
I guess I've been all over the place today, so you were probably worried...
Pretty much, yeah. Did something happen?
I keep telling you, nothing's wrong. 
I love it when you smile, Senpai.
Th-Thanks.
But you haven't really smiled once after we bumped into each other in the shopping district.
That can't be right. 
But it is, though. Do you remember what I told you before, Senpai?
...What are you talking about?
Didn't I tell you to rely on me the next time you felt anxious?
Yeah... Of course I remember. 
It's fine if nothing's wrong. In fact, that'd make me happy.
But, if something{W:700} is{W:0} wrong, I would do anything to help you!
Or am I that unreliable?
That's not it!
I told you I'd help shoulder your burdens. Did you forget?
I won't ask you to share if you're uncomfortable. However, if you really do think I'm dependable, then talk to me.
Thank you, Kenta-kun...
So, what do you wanna do? I'll lend an ear and a shoulder to lean on for dirt cheap if you're interested.
Then let's talk... I'll take you up on that offer.
All right. Go ahead.
Remember when Dad collapsed? That's been my problem.
I thought he was all better now? D-Don't tell me things took a turn for the worse.
No, he's all better now. 
Really? Then... why?
He's, more or less, physically okay. His heart, though...
What do you mean?
Dad was pretty old by the time I was born. Much older than a lot of other dads who had girls my age, in fact.
He wears younger-looking clothes to hide his age, but you'd be shocked by how old he actually is.
We had to close up the shop after he collapsed, which got me thinking...
It's only going to get worse if he keeps running the shop by himself...
He was fine when I was around to help out, but collapsed now that he's alone...
What about your mom?
She can handle customers, but doesn't know how to bake bread.
Mom and Dad were really happy I decided to become a p｡tissi｢re.
But if I go abroad and become a famous p｡tissi｢re, then Dad would be left all alone again...
Dad thought now would probably be a good idea to close up shop for good, too...
Can't you hire a baker to help you?
I suggested it, and he said it had never occured to him...
I'd been thinking about what I should do after he told me that, but I just caused trouble for everyone...
That sounds like a mess...
Yeah... 
I'm sure your dad gave it a lot of thought before he came to that conclusion, so I don't think I have a right to comment on that aspect.
As for you, Senpai, what do{W:700} you{W:0} want to do?
Me?
Yeah. Forget about all that complicated stuff for a second and tell me what would honestly make{W:700} you{W:0} happy.
Make me happy... That's easy, I want him to keep running the store. I obviously love that place.
Ah... Obvious, huh... Right, yeah... That's it... I'm such a dummy...
Senpai?
You know, our store is pretty popular. 
I can see why, given your skill set.
Thanks. I... I love our shop. 
Our customers are always smiling and telling us how much they like our bread.
It sounds like a wonderful store. 
It really is. When I was little, I thought my dad was a magician who could make people smile.
A magician who could make people smile, huh? That's actually really cool.
Right? I wanted to be a magician just like him.
Is that why you started helping around the store?
Yeah. I messed up all the time, but he'd always put it up for sale anyway to make me happy. 
It was exhilarating to know I'd get to be a magician someday, too. I'll never forget how I felt back then, or so I thought...
I'm so dumb. Why did I need something like{W:700} this{W:0} to remember? I love that shop and baking bread!
They may not be as pretty as sweets, but their smiles are just as radiant!
I want to see them smile, and to hear their praise. That's why I worked so hard.
I've been working my butt off, but didn't really have anything to show for it. Something was clearly missing.
Of course it was missing... I was only working hard for myself.
I worked myself to the bone to keep up with everyone and not get left behind.
It makes sense why I'd eventually hit a wall. A world that's all about me is too small.
But, if I work for others, my world becomes much wider. I can't believe I forgot something so important.
I never wanted to become famous. It was to make people smile, with my bread and my magic!
That's it. I'll become a baker and take over the family business! I want to protect that wonderful store.
I might not be as good as Dad yet, but I'll make the best bread... No, the{W:700} ultimate{W:0} bread that will make everyone smile! I'll run a great shop that will never close!
I'll withdraw from the academy once the exam ends.
Y-You're gonna quit?!
I know where I want to go, but I can't do both. I refuse to do a half-baked job!
Uh, right... It was just so sudden, so I was surprised. It's obvious how serious you are by that look in your eyes.
I'll support your decision if that's what you want to do. It'll be lonely without you, though...
This isn't goodbye. You can come to the store whenever you want.
Yeah, I definitely will! I'll become a regular!
Heheh, thanks. 
Talk about a huge load off. I should've said something sooner.
Thank you, Kenta-kun.
Senpai shot me a bright and happy smile.
It was the most beautiful smile I'd ever seen, and made my heart thunder wildly.
What... was this? Everything felt hot, like I was on fire. I felt a pang in my chest, but in a good way.
If anything, it felt like something warm was filling my chest and my heart felt full.
What... What was this feeling?
