It was painfully obvious how unfocused I'd been today.
Senpai was all I could think about, though...
I knew I had to focus on work, but I kept looking for her.
Jumping the gun wouldn't be wise, but it was pretty much certain at this point...
I really was in love with Senpai.
The moment I admitted that to myself, I realized how dumb I was for doubting my feelings in the first place.
When I closed my eyes, all I could see was Senpai's face. Joy bubbled up inside of me, filling my heart with an indescribable feeling.
This was love.
Love changed everything. That one, little emotion made today so much more wonderful than the last.
It sounded like an exaggeration, but the entire world felt different to me now.
Just thinking about Senpai makes me smile. She's the only thing in my heart right now.
I never thought being in love would be such an amazing thing...
...Was this how Nono felt about me, and why she'd confessed?
I understood how impressive a feat it was now, and how much courage it must've taken for Nono to confess her feelings.
I needed to thank Nono for those earnest feelings, and for her strength. I was very grateful she loved me...
However, I couldn't afford to drag things out like this. I had to answer her.
Come in.
Hi, Onii-chan. 
Nono!
Y-You scared me...! Why were you shouting?
Sorry. I was just thinking about you.
You were?! Did my feelings finally get through to you? Maybe you really do love me, hehehe!
Nono... I need to give you an answer. Will you listen to what I have to say?
Huh... Y-Yeah... What is it?
You're a very special, irreplaceable person to me, Nono. 
Thenｩ
But... I'm sorry. I can't go out with you.
...Why?
I love you, Nono... There's someone I love more, though.
...Really?
I just realized how I felt today, but I'm being honest. I can't reciprocate your feelings...
I see... You fell in love with someone... and it's not me?
Yes. It's not you.
Oh... I see. I get it now...
I'm sorry...
It's okay. Don't apologize.
Butｩ
It's fine. You can't help it, right? You love someone else, and you love them more than anything, right?
Being in love with someone is amazing... It wouldn't be right for you to love me more than them... Love isn't a trivial emotion.
I wanted you to love me and for you to return my feelings... But it didn't work out, huh? Yeah...
This hurts... It feels like something's squeezing inside my chest. A broken heart hurts so much... I feel like I'm gonna fade away...
Nonoｩ
Don't say anything else... There's nothing you, no, either of us can do anymore.
I love you, Onii-chan. I love you more than anything! So I won't fight you on your decision.
But... I really wanted to be your girlfriend...
Don't look so sad. You're in love now, right? You gotta smile, or the person you like will get fed up with you. 
I can't smile at a time like this.
I understand your feelings better now, and that it's difficult to put those feelings into words.
Just imagining how it felt to be turned down would drive me crazy...
I do love you, Nono. I've always wanted you to be happy and to see you smile.
But all I did was make you miserable... Why don't these things ever work out...?
That's love for you... If it were something you could easily control, then you wouldn't be able to love others as deeply.
Such an incredibly precious and dear emotion can't be restrained!
And I... can't restrain you, either. My feelings won't disappear overnight, and I still have my pride as a woman.
I don't want to turn into a nasty girl who wants to see your love fail because you rejected me.
All right! I'll support you with everything I've got, Onii-chan. Do your best.
Nono, you... 
I feel the same way. I've watched you since I was little, and wanted you to be happy.
Make your love come true, and show me the best smile there is.
I'll be going now. Good night, Onii-chan. 
Noｩ
I swallowed my words and watched Nono leave. Nothing I could say would help right now.
"I'll support you with everything I've got" and "Make your love come true and show me the best smile there is..." How did Nono feel when she said those things?
Would I be able to say the same if our roles were reversed? I'd probably hate seeing the person I loved with someone else...
I couldn't let Nono's feelings go to wasteｩ
