Nono tried her best to smile for us...
She probably couldn't manage to crack a smile, but she tried her hardest all the same...
I swore I wouldn't make her cry again after she left Japan, and now look at where we were...
My heart hurt, and I felt terrible... But Nono must've felt much, much worse than I did. I couldn't complain.
Seeing how strong Nono was only made me realize how blind I'd been to everything.
Do you think Shinono-chan's okay? Maybe we should have let her take some time off. 
She claimed to be fine, so there's nothing more we can really do.
She looked anything but, though...
Mhm... You have to cry a lot for your eyes to swell up like that. She probably did cry all night long...
She looked fine last night. I wonder if something happened since?
I can only think of one thing that would make her react like this. 
Did you figure something out, Mako-chan?
Well, what is it?
You two really don't know? What else could it be but Kenta?
Um... That's... 
He's not denying it, so you're probably right.
Really?
I don't know how to answer that...
It's obvious from how Inukai-san talks and acts around him that she has feelings for Kenta.
Something serious must have happened for her to be{W:700} this{W:0} devastated. 
What could've been so serious?
This is just a guess, but she was likely rejected after confessing to him.
Huh?!
Considering her personality, she wouldn't back down if he simply shrugged her off.
Even if he doesn't see her that way now, she's passionate enough to make him feel that way about her eventually.
Are you saying he rejected her in some unusual way?
It sounds scary... to reject someone like that.
I wouldn't call it scary. It's the same reason you hear about all the time.
Maybe she was told I liked someone else...
Y-You do?!
No. I was speaking hypothetically...
I really feel for her, but that's how the cookie crumbles. Her love was impossible with me around.
Huh? Th-The girl Kenta-kun likes is you, Makoto-chan?!
Wh-What are you saying?! Don't take what she just said seriously, Makoto's just making stuff up...! Ahaha.
That's a pretty dry laugh. 
You're so cute when you're embarrassed. 
C-C'mon, it's almost time to open the store, so less chatting, more working!
I suppose you're right. We'll talk more about this later.
Kenta-kun...
