Koro-chan's been making weird mistakes all day. 
Maybe the shock of hearing Kenta liked someone was too much for her.
Ah, Koro-chan really does like Ken-chan, doesn't she?
It's not just her. I think all the candidates have feelings for him. 
Is that so? It does look that way.
I don't quite know how to answer that...
Mmm~ So many rivals. Will you be okay, Mako-chan?
What's the point of asking me that?
If anything, Kenta being popular makes me happy. 
It does?
I wouldn't want the man I fell for to be some poor reject. It would mean I had a bad eye for men.
And besides, it doesn't matter what the others do, as I believe Kenta will pick me in the end.
Someone's confident!
You look quite calm about this, Hinana-san. Are you sure of where you stand?
Hmm. I don't really care who Ken-chan likes.
Does that mean you're giving up?
I don't want to fight anyone or make him mine.
We should all get along and love{W:700} each other{W:0}.
...I don't follow.
Isn't it amazing to love others? If we put{W:700} all{W:0} of our love together, then it'll become an even more incredible romance!
Then we can all just love Ken-chan together!
Just imaging all of us having sex together turns me on!
...I don't really approve, but what do you think, Kenta?
That's a weird question for me to answer.
Whatever the case, you can't leave things as they are. You have to do{W:700} something{W:0}.
What's a good way to figure out what that "something" actually is?
That's easy. Just tell everyone I'm the one you love. If you do that, everyone will give up.
I'd be fine with that.
...Some weird exceptions aside, it'll solve our current predicament for the most part.
Hmm... That idea's a bit... Yeah, it's, uh...
"A bit," what? Whatever it is, if you have someone you like, telling them how you feel is the natural conclusion.
Yeah, that's right... I think so, too.
It's good if you've got that sorted out now. I'm always ready, so you can pledge your love to me at any time.
Ahahaha...
Makoto had a point. There really was no point brooding over this.
