You weren't quite yourself today, Senpai. You were making mistakes left and right...
Ahaha... You saw that? It was pretty embarrassing...
It's like when you were wondering what to do about your family's bakery. Did something just as big happen?
Hmmm... Ahahaha...
I don't want to sound pretentious or anything, but was what Makoto said this morning bothering you?
Yeah... I guess...
I never asked, but I didn't think it would bother me this much.
Makoto-chan was just guessing, so I shouldn't have let it get to me. I'm pretty lame, huh?
About that... The scary part is, Makoto was right about most of it.
What?! Really?!
Yeah. Nono confessed to me last night, but I turned her down because I love someone else.
Does that mean the person you love is... Makoto-chan?
No, it's not her. That's the one part she got wrong.
Oh, well, that's good... But, who do you like, then?
Oh, no, maybe I shouldn't have asked?
No, it's fine. I'd actually be worried if you hadn't asked because... you're the one I like, Senpai.
...Uhh, Senpai?
Sorry, I'm a bit... No, I'm really shocked. 
I'm actually not sure I heard you right. Could I ask you to say that again?
You're the one I like, Senpai. For added measure, this is neither a dream nor a fantasy.
Ouch! My cheek hurts...!
You didn't have to pull so hard it turned red!
I just can't believe it's real! If it hurts this much, then it has to be real...!
It's real, or maybe you don't believe me?
That's not it! That's really not it, but this is just so out of the blue, and I can't process it...
Can I ask when you started liking me?
Thinking back, it was probably when we first met.
I was pretty much forced onto the committee at our old school, but it was all worth it after I met you.
I found myself looking forward to the school day ending.
By going to school, I'd go to the committee meetings and see you there. That made me really happy...
I was pretty bummed after you graduated, and thought we'd never see each other again. I wondered why we weren't born in the same year...
But we were reunited after coming to PochiTama, and I was ecstatic. I'd finally get to hang out with you again!
You still left and trained on your own, though...
I only did that because I knew you'd be waiting for me when I came back.
That may have worked well for you, but it was incredibly lonely for me.
I really am sorry for that...
Don't. It's okay now. I might sulk about it a little, but I knew you were training because you felt it was necessary.
The boy I love was working toward his goals. I couldn't help but cheer for you.
I've loved you since the beginning, but it didn't really hit me until after you came to me for advice.
Back then?
Yeah, when I saw your smile. 
After you realized what path you wanted to take, my heart skipped a beat when I saw how dazzling your smile was.
From the bottom of my heart, I found it wonderful how levelheaded and determined you were to keep at it.
That was when I realized, without any doubt, I loved you.
I know I'm the one who asked you, but it's embarrassing to hear you say that out loud.
I'll say it again: I love you, Senpai. I want to treasure you, and only you.
So, Senpai, please go out with me! I can't imagine being with anyone but you!
I already told you how I felt plenty of times, but I'll take this as my chance to ask you, too.
Please, let me be your girlfriend. 
Of course, I'd love to!
Um... I guess we're dating now, huh?
I'd be pretty screwed if we weren't. I think most guys would go after a wonderful girl like you!
No, no! I should be saying that about you. Do you have{W:700} any{W:0} idea how popular you are?
You're the only one I have eyes for, Senpai.
Really?
What can I do to convince you otherwise?
Hold me really, really tight. Carve the fact I'm yours into my body and heart.
Senpai...
