Good work. The exam is officially over.
You all performed spectacularly, and the results exceeded our expectations.
This experience is sure to be of use to you as you go forth to become skilled p｡tissi｢res.
Never forget what you learned here, and always strive to better yourselves. 
Madam Chairwoman, if you will. 
No, really, big props, guys! Just like Fuumin said, your results were incredible!
I didn't think it'd go this well, to be honest. I was totally surprised!
The media's been all up in your business, and a lot of people wanted the exam to last longer, too.
Thanks to that, the academy's reputation is through the roof and our good name has been restored!
All the big wigs in the industry have their eyes on us. They think, "Whoa, that place is amazin'!"
And it's all thanks to your efforts!
Everythin' ended so well because{W:700} I{W:0} let it happen. It was kind of a drag, but it might be worth doin' it again next year.
But hey, I can just shove all that annoyin' crap on Fuumin!
Tch... 
Anyway, long speeches suck, so let's get right to the announcement.
Huh?
Did you forget? The top two candidates will get the title of MVP.
And, this time... it's Kenta-kun and Shinono-chan!
Wait, I won?
Me, too?!
It took quite a bit of deliberation. Of course, the rest of you weren't far behind, but we evaluated your work the highest.
I believe your colleagues won't object, either.
I'll admit it's frustrating, but I do understand.
I do not object, either.
This just proves I've still got a long way to go. I'll have to go back to the basics.
You two worked really hard, so I think it's great.
Yeah, I'm satisfied with this result! 
Thank you, everyone...
With that, it's time to give you two your prize!
Didn't you tell us not to expect much?
Well, yeah. I was totally baitin' ya to work your butts off.
Since everythin' went so well, I got more clout in the industry and managed to pull some strings!
And you've earned an apprenticeship at any p｡tisserie in the world. So, where do ya wanna go?
You mean,{W:700} anywhere{W:0} in the world?
Yup, yup! We can send ya anywhere ya wanna go, right, Fuumin?
All of the culinary schools in the world are willing to pitch in and help. With their assistance, we can manage anything.
Amazing... This is a big chance for you two!
It's a huge opportunity to grow as p｡tissiers!
Being able to select any shop you want can influence your lives in a big way, too.
Correct. If you're aiming to stand at the top of the world, it's an important thing to consider. 
And this is a priceless chance to get a foothold in the industry. Use it wisely. 
The top of the world... It sounds absurd.
But Ken-chan and Nono-chan can do it!
Are you gonna take this chance, then? You are, right? You have no reason to refuse!
Of course, I'll take it!
I'll take it, too. 
Take your time to consider your options, but do you have an idea of where you'd like to study?
I want to work at Lueur des ｦtoiles!
That's a bold decision.
Is that place famous?
Not knowing about it borders on ignorance.
It's the top p｡tisserie in the world. They've won an award three years in a row at the International Cooking Exhibition. It's almost like the holy land all p｡tisseries aspire to reach.
Their shop is also in Paris, so it's perfect for Inukai-san, who lives there.
Hmmm...! You're one scary girl for aimin' to be the most famous p｡tisserie in the world!
You can't manage it?
No, we'll pull every string we can to fulfill your request. 
Thank you, Onee-chan!
What do ya wanna do, Kenta-kun?
I'd like to work at Nekohana Bakery.
What... K-Kenta-kun?!
Hm? Never heard of it. Is it famous?
Nekohana Bakery? Nekohana... Nekohana... You don't mean?!
That's my dad's store...
Your family owns a normal bakery in the shopping district, right?! Ya don't even sell cakes!
The most we make are a variety of sweet rolls with cream. 
Huh?! I don't get it! Why pick that?!
We don't mean to imply anything about her family's store, but you{W:700} do{W:0} understand what you're asking, right? This is a priceless opportunity to take the world by storm.
It would be one thing if it were a cake shop, but an unknown bakery...? Surely you're joking.
I'm not joking. What I need to learn most is there waiting for me.
I know it's coming from me, but what exactly can you learn at our place?
Magic.
Magic?
There's a magician who can make people smile at Nekohana Bakery.
I was being incredibly selfish before I agreed to take this exam.
Creating the Ultimate Sweet was the only thing I ever thought about.
I was so hyper focused on making tasty sweets, I never really thought about the people who would actually eat them.
If a person doesn't care about making people smile, then they could never hope to achieve anything close to "ultimate."
That's why I want to work at her dad's bakery so I can learn to do just that!
Kenta-kun... 
Can't you learn that in any other store? I'm sure there are more famous places out there ya could work at.
It doesn't matter how big or famous they are. That's actually the best part.
If I'm really{W:700} that{W:0} talented, I'll make do no matter where I am.
And if I don't, well, then that's what my talent's worth.
I don't want to be handed a chance. I want to make it for myself. Is that so wrong?
It's not wrong, but...
Hmph... You've never been one to listen to what others had to say once you've made up your mind.
Very well. Our job is to respond to our students' wishes, after all. Study wherever you wish.
I will!
That's that, Senpai. We'll be seeing each other a lot going forward.
Jeez... You're just one surprise after another, aren't you?
I returned Senpai's wry smile with a grin of my own.
I'd never regret this decision, because it was the path I had chosen for myself.
