The exam concluded, and everyone returned to their respective homes.
Saying goodbye to everyone after several weeks of working together was rather difficult.
So long as we were alive, we'd surely meet again. We can't get caught up in the nostalgia now, when we had the next phase of our lives ahead of us.
I pressed on with Senpai by my side.
I can't believe this day has finally come.
It's gone by so fast. It's weird, since it kind of feels like I've been waiting forever for this moment. I'm going to be your wife starting today.
It's our big day, but I can't help but smile. I really hope I made for a beautiful bride.
You look gorgeous from where I'm standing.
A doting husband like you may see me that way, but everyone else may feel differently.
That's not true. I'm sure everyone thinks you look beautiful.
You're seeing things through rose-colored glasses, Kenta-kun. That just shows how much you love me, though, so I won't complain.
Oh, you bet I do.
Ahaha, thank you. 
At the rate we're going, I might lose my voice from how often I say I love you.
How many times are you going to say you love me?
Now we can finally, and proudly, live together.
About that, are you really okay with living with my parents?
Is that a problem? I love your parents just as much as you do, so I'm perfectly fine with it.
Not at all. I'm happy you love them so much.
Then everything's okay.
You say that, but I can't help but second-guess it and wonder if it's really all right?
Are you already regretting getting married?!
No, no! I'm happy we got married and I'd never regret it.
What's on your mind, then?
I mean, Yanushi Kenta is a household name by now. 
I've still got a long ways to go.
So you say, but you're considered one of the top three p｡tissiers in the world!
You've received such incredible offers, but have turned them all down. Isn't it a waste?
You could work at any store you want, so I can't wrap my head around it.
How come?
How could I? Why did you decide to take over our store? It's a little bakery in the shopping district.
Because I love that store and how it's always full of smiling customers. 
I want the shop you and your dad worked so hard to protect to keep going. That's my wish right now.
Besides, the renovations have already been finished. 
We made a place for people to eat-in and to sell cakes, so we can't go back on it now.
The regulars keep asking when we're going to reopen the store, too.
We can open it as soon as we're done with the wedding, you know.
Someone's motivated!
Well, today's the best day of my life. I'm all sorts of pumped for what's to come!
By the way, there's something I want you to do. Is that okay?
If you want lots of kids, I'm totally on board with that.
I'm not talking about that. I want you to stop calling me "Senpai" already.
Can't I?
It's not that you can't, but we're getting married today. I won't really feel like your wife if you keep calling me that. 
Would "Honey" do?
That's too embarrassing. Just call me by my name. C'mon, call me Korone. 
But, calling you by your first name is...
That's normal for a married couple, and we're not estranged or anything. So, c'mon, call me by my name.
I'm not ready yet, though...
3, 2, 1. Go!
K-Korone...san.
You're still using "-san" after all of this? Well, that's okay. For now, anyway.
Tell me you love me to make up for it.
I'll say it as many times as you want... I love you, Senpai.
I just told you, call me Korone!
S-Sorry.
What am I going to do with you...? But I love you, too, darling.
As I gazed at Senpai's smile, my heart and body felt a bit warmer.
So long as I had that beautiful smile of hers, I believed I could do anything.
And I'd definitely be able to put a smile on everyone's faces, with Senpai by my sideｩ
