Worldwide expansion? How absurd!
Hana...
A good day to you, Makoto, Nekohana-san. And you too, Yanushi-kun...
Your face is red... Are you sick?
I'm not sick! It is the face of love, or rather, affection!
Love? Affection? 
Th-The subtleties don't matter! I'll say this, Makoto: Japanese sweets are like a fossil buried in the dirt, otherwise known as "tradition"!
Even if you cease your studies midway, since no one will understand their worth anyway, overtaking the world with Western confectionery is but a fool's errand!
Midway? I'm taking all the Japanese confectionery courses, too, you know.
Really...? All of them?
PochiTama P｡tissier Academy is a vocational school, and you can only graduate after completing the entire curriculum.
That's amazing, Makoto-chan!
Makoto's skilled enough to make Nekonoya's sweets, and it was her hard work that caught my eye in the first place.
Huh... What?! So Makoto-chan made the sweets that were better than the ones at the mall?!
Respecting tradition and social status are a vital part of this industry, as is proving your worth. It took me ten years to get Dad to recognize my skills.
Ten years... How old were you when you started?
Hmph! Makoto's like a superstar in the world of Japanese confections_an elite among the elite! But I, too, have been honing my skills for ten years.
Additionally, I'm the only daughter of an accomplished Western p｡tisserie, and have been honing my craft since birth! My expertise is on a genetic level!
Yes, but you started studying Japanese confections{W:700} after{W:0} me.
You were all like, "Me too, me too! I can make Japanese sweets, too!" If I recall correctly, your first creation was... mud dumplings, right?
It was a Ganache chocolate!
Anyway, don't let the fact that you're ahead of me and were picked as a candidate go to your head! Even though I should be ten thousand light-years ahead of you by now when it comes to Western confections!
Don't you dare think, "Hana's pathetic and I'm better at baking cakes than her! Both Hana and Western confectionaries are simple and dumb!"
...
That thought never occurred to me.
Judging by her face, she totally did. 
Ahaha... 
Stay on your high horse while you can! I'll use this exam to prove just how superior I really am! Hmph!
Haa...
Want some cake?
I... I most certainly do not!
I want your feedback. There's a lot of room for improvement, and I want to get better.
...Very well. I shall oblige, but only to honor your admirable request for{W:700} my{W:0} opinion. Hmph! Hmph, I say!
Ah... She took the rest of the cake...
In any event, this has been bothering me for a while now, but... Do you two not get along?
Not really. She likes to antagonize me.
Haha. They seem to get along pretty well to me. Aren't you two childhood friends?
...Hardly.
Oh, that's right, dinner! She took the cake, so I should probably make something to eat.
Oh, same here! You should make me dinner, Kenta-kun!
Didn't you just have cake, Senpai? 
I've got a second stomach for sweets! Would you like to join us, Makoto-chan?
Sure. I want to try Kenta's cooking, too. 
Fine, I suppose. Let's get to cooking!
