Phew, I'm stuffed. 
Even a cake-nut like me made a point to eat three square meals a day. I might not be on Senpai's level, but sweets went into another stomach for me, too.
Now that I had a full belly...
I couldn't help but find Makoto's cake to be impressive. The one she made earlier was significantly better than what she baked earlier that day at the caf｣.
Makoto really is a genius... 
She surprised me when we first met. Even though we were the same age, she was already a pro at making Japanese sweets.
The confections I had that day were the ones she made...
I beg you, please make me your apprentice!
What did you end up eating?
That malformed apple thing! The others were designed like flowers, but that was the only plain-looking one.
Plain... 
Yeah, plain. Its shape was kind of off, too. I thought it was a dud, but... It tasted ten times better than the rest.
It had an incredible taste! I had no idea Japanese sweets could be that good; I was impressed.
Thanks. I appreciate the compliment, but it wasn't a malformed apple. That's called a "Houzuki."
What's that?
You've never seen one? They're plants that look like Chinese lanterns. It grows in pots and produces red fruit with yellow skin. They often sell them during summer fairs.
Fairs? Houzuki...? Oh, I remember now! Now I get why they are called that.
Yeah. Japanese sweets often symbolize the four seasons. For summer, it's the Morning Glory and Houzuki. No apples, though.
The four seasons... I get it now! Japanese confectionaries change by the season! 
Cakes sometimes use seasonal fruits, too, but Japanese confectionery goes to an entirely different level when using the same ingredients to get different results.
Man, now I really,{W:700} really{W:0} want to train here! I want to arrange my cakes according to the season!
Cakes...? 
Yeah. My dream is to make the best cake in the world!
Oh, come to think of it, your clothes... Are you enrolled at PochiTama P｡tissier Academy?
I am. I'm a Japanese confectionery major at the Kyoto branch.
I specialize in cakes and attend the main Tokyo branch! I'm traveling across Japan to study, so I'd love to learn from this store, too!
...I see. What's your name?
Kenta. Yanushi Kenta. 
I'm Nekodomari Makoto. You can call me "Master," though. 
Huh...?
I made the Houzuki you just ate, which means you're asking to train under me.
Huh... Wait, what? You made it?! 
Yes. The path to being a Japanese confectionery artist is a harsh one. First, I wonder if Dad_my father will allow it. And the other artisans, too... 
W-Wait a second! You actually made that? And I... would be your apprentice?
That's what I've been saying, yes. Ahem. Carry my bag, Kenta.
Yes, right away... Wait, what?
Call me "Master"! The path to become a Japanese confectionery artist will be a tough one, Kenta!
Yes, Master... I feel like I'm in over my head here. Ahaha...
