Hello! We're almost out of cakes in the front. Mind making more?
Way ahead of you.
I can help if it's too muchｩHuh? Oh, so you're in charge of cooking today, Makoto?
I'm helping, too! Omnom, omm... 
You're also back here, Hina? No wonder why we've been so busy. We don't have enough staff when it's just Senpai and me.
Cooking is an important part of our job, though. What if Mako-chan needed help?
I'd likely finish in half the time if you weren't here, Hinana-san.
Wow, that's so rude!
Hina's a great p｡tissi｢re, though.
She's practically inhaling all of my cakes and claims to be "taste-testing" them...
Only because you keep putting them in front of me! Your desserts are so yummy, I had to taste-test at least half of them...
Hina... I think you've gone way past that. You're hereby banned from further taste-testing!
That's cruel and unusual punishment! At the very least, let me make this cake my Last Supper... Om!
Stop that!
Before I could act, Hina quickly shoved a nearby cake into her mouth. She could be a bit of an airhead, and her usual gracefulness went out the window the second food was involved.
Omnom... Aaah, so good! The fruit and cream harmonize beautifully! Such a cool and rich flavor!
I'll give it five stars, Mako-chan!
Thanks. I'll have the chairwoman deduct the cost of the cake from your salary later.
So mean!
We're getting paid for this...?
I wasn't aware we were getting paid for participating in the Candidate Exam, but I should probably put a pin in that for later...
There were a variety of cakes lined up in front of Makoto.
Despite manning the store with Senpai and I earlier that day, she'd managed to make all of these in such a short amount of time.
How do they taste...?
Hey. Do you want to try one, Kenta?
Oh, sure. 
I cut a small piece of cake and shoved a forkful into my mouth.
Om... Mmm?!
Hina was right; this was good.
Makoto hadn't made everything from scratch, as we'd prepared most of the ingredients earlier that morning.
Either way, the cake was exceptional. From how she cut the fruit, whisked the cream, and balanced it all to create the spongy texture. 
Her extraordinary sense of taste only made these cakes all the more delicious.
Isn't it yummy?! Not only are they tasty, but pretty, too! Just looking at them doubles my appetite!
Very much so! Your appetite getting any bigger would actually be a menace to mankind, so you're done eating for now!
Wha?! Aaah... Love is all about endurance...
Jeez, Hina... Anyway, you've really improved, Makoto.
...Mhm.
I'm nowhere near your level, though... Now that you're back here, maybe I should stop.
Huh?
Heh. Someone as dense as you will catch on eventually.
...I, uh, don't get it.
Hehe. I'll keep at it, then. Just, uh, please keep Hinana-san at bay so she doesn't end up eating them all.
You got it! Come on, Hina. We need to head up front and watch the store.
Aaaah, Mako-chan's cakes...! Don't leave me, cakes!
At Makoto's request, I grabbed Hina by the hem of her uniform and dragged her to the front of the store.
She was close to tears and it felt like I'd just grabbed a cat by the tail. Hina{W:700} really{W:0} liked Makoto's cakes, didn't she?
They were really good, so I couldn't blame Hina for feeling that way. When did Makoto become that skilled, though? I had to work hard to keep up!
