Myuah! So yummy, so tasty! I don't need anything else! Even if we have food, let's eat this cake instead!
...
As I entered the dining hall, I found Senpai about to break out into dance... Scratch that, she was already tapping her foot and had a huge grin slapped across her face.
Makoto-chan, Makoto-chan! One more? Can I please have some more?
Here you go. 
Well, thank you!
You're going to get fat, Senpai.
Ugh! Kenta-kun... I'll eat less later to make up for the cake, so it should be okay.
How many has she had, Makoto?
Five pieces of my trial cake. I asked her to do a taste-test, but she said, "One bite's not enough."
Are you sure she's not Hina wearing Senpai's skin?
If you're looking for Hinana-san... She took two of my cakes_two whole cakes, mind you_and shut herself up in our room. She said it was her "after-dinner dessert."
That's going way beyond taste-testing... 
You can't blame me! Makoto-chan's cakes are just{W:700} that{W:0} good!
One of our customers was eating one of her cakes and I couldn't help but think, "I'd love to eat one, too..." It's been on my mind all day!
I held back since I was at work. The second I was off the clock, that limiter went right out the window!
Won't you gain weight? You look a little flabby right now, actually. Did your weight limiter get thrown out, too?
Ugh! Kenta-kun's being a bully... Makoto-chan, tell him to stop!
Haah... Kenta-kun's right. I think you've gained weight, Senpai. Your upper arm's kind of squishy.
Squishy...?! Aaah! I'm giving up on cakes... Aaah...
Hehe! I'm kidding. I want your feedback, so eat as much as you want.
...Won't I get fat?
Of course! That's okay, though. It's not my body, so I don't care!
Kenta-kun! Makoto-chan is being a big meanie!
Nope, don't come crying to me. I can see why you're having trouble holding back, though.
There were several cakes lined up along the table, and were the same type we sold at the caf｣. Something about them looked different, though...
Not only had each cake been thoroughly and beautifully decorated, but the smell was...
I'll have a slice. Om... Nomnom!
Whoa! That's a huge bite...! Guys really are something. Can you even taste it that way, though?
Don't worry, I can taste it fine. Omnomnom... Nnn?!
Yeah, this is great! It's even better than the cake you made earlier.
The cream had a much softer consistency, and the fruits' flavors were even more pronounced due to how she cut them.
Wait, did you use syrup to give it that spongy texture? Or wine?
Nuh-uh. I figured the alcohol may not agree with some people, so I used flower and fruit syrup instead. Can you tell?
Yeah. The top and bottom layers around the cream smell different.
The aroma spreads throughout your mouth when it's all mixed together.
You're right! I knew you'd figure it out.
Huh, huh? What? Did you get that line from some cooking show? How can you tell?
It's because I'm a cake-nut. Anyway, you're incredible, Makoto. You put that recipe together in no time at all.
I'm nowhere near the level I'd like to be at, and the cake you made before is a hundred times better than mine.
You're exaggerating. 
Memories can sometimes beautify things. Like when you remember eating something once and it being tastier than it is now. 
Mhm! That's true.
I don't think that's it... I mean, it tasted it good because{W:700} you{W:0} made it, Kenta. If I had to say, love is what made it beautiful.
Huh? 
Nuh-huh, forget it. Either way, I want to make a cake that's better than the one in my memories.
Better than that, huh?
Heh, that sounds about right. You never give in until you accomplish your goals. That stoic nature of yours never changes.
That's right. You trained at Makoto's place, didn't you?
Yeah, I'll never forget it... The first day I met Kenta.
It was only a year ago, and I was on my way back from the academy, when...
I beg you! Please let me meet the person who made this!
Please teach me how to make it! Let me work in this store and become your apprentice!
...
He was on his hands and knees? Out in the sun in middle of August? On asphalt?! 
Mhm. It was at my family's confectionary in Kyoto.
Yeah, yeah! I've heard of Nekonoya! The one in the mall is always packed, and the sweets are always so good!
I'm happy to hear that, but the pastries we sell at the main store are even better.
What, seriously?!
Yes. Nekonoya's employees have honed their skills for generations, all to please our regular customers.
Their place is incredible. Each pastry is made individually by a skilled artisan. It felt like paradise...
Yet you prostrated yourself?
Yeah, I did. It was exciting to see so many Japanese confections, and eating them only made me more antsy. I just couldn't sit still!
Our employees were shocked. They figured the dumb, ignorant student would get bored and leave in no time, but...
That's how they saw me?
They did. I thought the same thing, too.
I'm shocked! You were all so nice to me, though!
Our artisans are all really stubborn, and can be both kind, yet eccentric. However, it was your passion and enthusiasm that changed our minds.
What do you mean...?
I think they were cautiously optimistic. Despite our prestige, Dad didn't want Nekonoya to stay the same.
We couldn't rely on reputation alone, and our artisans knew this, but were at a loss of what to do.
Even though we received offers from various department stores and product exhibitions, we were still quite small and didn't have the courage to step out of our comfort zone.
That's the perfect time to take chances! Nothing ventured, nothing gained!
...See what I mean?
Ah... I do.
Our staff thought Kenta was an idiot at first, but his enthusiasm was infectious. He was serious about honing his skills.
And, to top it all off, his cakes were...
I made a few to cover room and board. They refused to try them, so I had to come up with clever ways to persuade them. After all, cakes are the only thing I{W:700} can{W:0} make.
Everyone was really excited when they tried it, and quickly realized how serious you were after coming to Nekonoya with your skill set.
And you really{W:700} were{W:0} moved by our store's confections...
That's what convinced Dad and the other artisans to try something new, like opening a store in the mall, participating in exhibitions, and other stuff.
What kind of "stuff"?
Expanding worldwide! We want people around the globe to enjoy and get excited about our sweets, just like Kenta once had.
Worldwide, huh? That's the spirit!
Mhm! That's why I'm studying Western confections. Like you, I want to learn more so I can move the hearts of others.
With you at my side, the whole world will be able to appreciate Nekonoya's sweets! That's what I truly believe.
You're really giving it your all, Makoto. I can't let you get ahead of me, though. I've gotta focus on mastering the art of confections!
Hehe, looks like your passion is at full throttle, Kenta-kun.
...Hm? Wait, make people around the world appreciate Nekonoya's sweets... with Kenta by your side?
Yeah, Dad's looking forward to it, too... Teehee.
Why are you blushing...?
