And that's why there's so much food for breakfast?
Um, yeah... Makoto and I ended up turning it into a competition.
We wanted to see who could make the tastier dish. When I saw Kenta's "panburger," it just sparked one idea after another.
Yeah, the same thing happened with me. We ended up using all of the ingredients, too. I'm sorry...
...
It was really well made and tasty... You two are amazing. I'm surprised you made all of this in such a short amount of time.
Yup, yup. The whole table was packed with yummy foods when I walked into the dining hall! I was shocked!
It really was surprising. It's like they wanted to fill the room with pancakes and sandwiches! I thought I was in heaven...
It's hell, if anything. They're all so good but you can't eat this many... Breakfast is important, but eating too much makes you gain weight... 
Yeah, I'm a bit afraid of checking my weight now... 
Huh? Are you saying you gain weight?
Meoooow?
Wh-What did you just say?!
Oh, I guess my boobs{W:700} have{W:0} gotten bigger. Right... Maybe I've been gaining weight because of that.
What...?
...Did you just...?!
In contrast to Hina's cheerful smile, the surrounding girls' expression all darkened. Apparently Hina was the only one who didn't have to worry about gaining weight from overeating...
Both Senpai and Nono had stiff frowns on their faces, while Michiyo-san glared at Hina like she was about to strike down an opposing samurai. Makoto, on the other hand...
...
...Mm?
She looked displeased, but not necessarily at Hina. Her gaze was directed elsewhere.
I thought she seemed a tad moody ever since we finished breakfast...
W-Well, I'm sure it'll be fine if we work hard after eating something so yummy! We'll burn the weight off in no time, and our breasts will get bigger, too!
Y-You're right. Onii-chan's breakfast energized me, so I'm gonna work super hard!
The hamburger and pineapple sandwich was so good. The sourness paired well with the sweet tomato sauce... I want more of that.
Right? The healthy potato salad sandwich with vegetables was great, too!
My favorite was the Japanese-style hamburger and cabbage pancake with okonomiyaki sauce. I never thought that kind of sauce would compliment a pancake so well.
Me, me! I liked the cheese hamburger, the omelette with spam, the fruit pancakes, the ones with cream cheese, and the chicken, too! They were all so good...
Wait, you ate all of those? That's why your chest is so...
Yes!
That's just unacceptable... 
...The hamburger and pineapple, as well as the potato salad... are the ones Kenta made.
Let's go burn off all those calories, then! We should start getting ready for work anyway, or we'll get in trouble.
Sure thing, Senpai. Which store am I working at today...?
You're at the Kitty Parlor today. Can you take care of today's lunch menu?
Sure!
Makoto-chan, can you handle the desserts for teatime... Mm? Makoto-chan?
...Yeah, all right. No problem.
Boo. Onii-chan's helping at the Kitty Parlor today? We can't let them beat us, Michiyo-san, Hana-san!
Understood. 
Woof!
...
...
...Huh? Where's Hana-san?
I haven't seen her all morning, come to think of it. Have you seen her, Chihuaboy?
Muuau?
I see... I wonder if something happened to her? She wasn't in our room, either. 
