Phew... That was close.
I didn't like keeping secrets from Senpai, but exposing my relationship with Makoto was a bit much. Not that we're officially dating...
...No, Makoto probably thought we were. After all, she wanted me to inherit Nekonoya and had even thought of names for our future children.
There was no telling how serious she was about this arrangement...
She really did care for me. Somehow, I just knew...
Why was she so moody now, though? She looked fine this morning... Huh?
I couldn't begin to understand a woman's complicated feelings, but I could at least make an educated guess.
There was no point worrying about it, though. I took out one of the panburgers, preparing to stuff it into my face, when...
???
Thanks for the food.
Huh?!
In the blink of an eye, someone snatched the food from my hands and munched it down. 
Omnom... I see. The pancakes were mixed with sauce?
You also added burdock kinpira and sliced ham, and mixed sesame into the pancake for aroma... Omnom, quite the delectable combination. 
Hana swallowed the last bite with a smile. I stared at her blankly, frozen in place after she swiped my food.
Phew, thank you for a great meal. I missed out on them this morning, but rumors of your panburgers have reached Beans Puppy. 
I finally got to taste them, but... What's with this seasoning?
Oh, I think Makoto made the panburger with the burdock kinpira.
Makoto...? I retract my compliment. What else do we have here... How about this omelette?
Makoto made that, too. It might look like a standard pancake with eggs, but there's spicy chicken strips in the omelette.
I want to eat one of yours, not Makoto's. How about this Italian-style one with cheese, or the Chinese one?
The Italian one has cheese and pepperoni, while the Chinese-style one was made with Mapo harusame noodles and minced meat... Makoto made both of them. They're delicious.
...Ugh. I have no desire to eat Makoto's love-filled lunch. I'll acknowledge it tastes good, though... 
Love-filled lunch...?
She made a good observation, though. All of the remaining panburgers were the ones Makoto made. They were all delicious, so I never noticed.
Which meant everyone had eaten all the panburgers I made?
I suppose I don't have a choice. I skipped out on breakfast, so this is my chance to study my enemy. It's like taking a bite right out of her.
Huh...?!
Omnom... I see, this really is a good combination. This one tastes nice, too... Omnom. 
Suddenly, Hana started wolfing down Makoto's panburgers_my lunch included_with the same kind of ravenous appetite that made me suspect Hina might have possessed her.
Phew, that was delicious. As you'd expect of a genius, I suppose... She brought all those ingredients together perfectly.
However, that's not enough to master the art of Western confectionery! The dessert I'll make for teatime will leave her speechless!
I can already see the frustration on Makoto's face. Hehe. I must make preparations for that! Yanushi-kun, stop daydreaming and come help me. 
Huh? Wait, why...?
You seem bored to me. 
I mean, I'm free right now, but... 
I was left with nothing after Hana{W:700} literally{W:0} stole my lunch.
Besides, you made breakfast with her, did you not? Makoto shouldn't be the only one who gets that chance! I'd love to work alongside you!
Um, all right...
I wasn't sure how this happened, other than I just liked making desserts.
I was supposed to be working at the Kitty Parlor today, but there was nothing wrong with helping a fellow student, right?
