Ouch... I didn't take you for such a sadist, Kenta. I thought you were more of a masochist. That's fine, though. I'm willing to get tied up.
I'm not going to tie you up... By the way, why were you in my room?
We changed clothes and were on our way to the dining hall. She had even brought her uniform with her, but I wasn't in the right mind to ask her about it earlier.
PochiTama's main branch has all sorts of reference materials the other schools don't have access to.
Huh? Oh, yeah. I actually borrowed a recipe book from the reference room myself, and stayed up late reading it.
Not only were there general textbooks, but you could also find professional reference materials and handwritten recipes from chefs who had once lectured on our campus.
Students could borrow these texts from the reference room, but were forbidden from taking them off campus.
It's a literal treasure trove! We can use them however we'd like in the dorms. This place really is a dream come true. I can't sleep away my free time.
I know the feel! That's why I stayed up late last night... But, uh, why were you in my room?
I heard you had the follow-up materials to the text I was reading, so I wanted you to show it to me.
Aaah, I see. Why didn't you say something sooner?
Your door was unlocked when I came by, and you were sound asleep... so I carried you to bed.
Ah, thanks. You carried me? Wasn't I heavy?
Love gives me strength. I read the rest of the materials after putting you to bed, and then...
Mhm...?
I changed into my PJs and went to sleep next to you. I was already tired, and brought them with me just in case I got lucky. 
Right... Wait, lucky?
Maybe a little.
Why weren't you wearing panties, then?
I don't wear underwear to bed. They squeeze and cut off my circulation, and that's not healthy. That's common sense.
Is it really? 
Yup. But if you're into sexy panties, or want to take them off yourself, I could put some on?
Ahh, err... That's not it! If you look like{W:700} that{W:0} while you're in my bed, I might just lose it and take you right then and there...
That's fine by me... How many kids do you want? I've thought up ten names already. 
Aaaah...!
I said "take" to scare her, but that backfired spectacularly. She already had names for our future children, too?
Makoto was like some carnivorous predator and I was an herbivore on the run... Why was{W:700} I{W:0} the one being chased?
Heheh, you really are cute... Oh, right, you're on breakfast duty today, right? Do you really have time to be chatting?
Ah, you're right!
It felt like I'd just gotten punked, but there wasn't much I could do about it now. Since day one, Makoto was the one dictating the pace of this relationship.
Oh well, it was out of my hands. It's like my teacher in Gunma said, "Happy wife, happy life." Wait, wife?
It felt like I was backing myself into an even deeper corner the more I thought about it. I really should be focusing on the task at hand, though...
Breakfast, huh? What should I make? Toast is kind of plain. Maybe sandwiches...? Ah, I know! I'll make pancakes!
Pancakes?
Yeah. You can put a hamburger patty between pancakes. I learned how to make them at a diner I once worked at.
You can also put ham salad, spam, and sausages on it... Salty stuff pairs well with the sweetness from the pancake. You can put it into a boxed lunch when it gets cold, too... Mmm?
...
What's wrong, Makoto?
What a great idea! It's not unusual to add a sweet element to salty foods, like sweet sauce.
If we knead the fruits and vegetables into the pancake itself, and are mindful of the garnishes, we can come up with a wide variety of combinations!
It's a lot of work to make bread, but we can make a small batch of pancakes... I can think of at least ten combinations already. I'll go make some!
Ten? You've already thought of that many? That's amazing! I can't let you get ahead of me!
Right back at you! I'll make hamburgers that will blow you away!
I'm not going down without a fight!
We were a lot alike. We could talk about her cute pajamas, her lack of underwear underneath them, or romance without missing a beat.
It was both fun and exciting... Nothing animated us more than talking about desserts or cooking, though. Our hearts went crazy because of it.
Makoto and I devoted ourselves wholeheartedly into making breakfast. Before we knew it, sweet smells and fragrant aromas filled the kitchen.
