Now that I was here, I changed into my work uniform and took in a deep breath.
It was still quite early, so no one was around and the air was chilly.
The smell of oil and ingredients... Familiar scents teased my nostrils.
Those beloved scents were really soothing. Smelling them made me forget all my troubles. 
What should I make, then...? There are so many ideas I wanna try out! I know, I'll make a St. Honor｣ cake!
I'll start making the batter for the cream puffs...
I'll help. 
Really? Great, then you can start working on the pie batter...? Wait, Makoto?!
Good meowning, Kenta.
Good meowning... Wait, the heck does that mean? 
It's how people say good morning in Hikone, I think. You're making a St. Honor｣ cake, right?
Ah, yeah... Thanks. 
Yeah.
...
Why's Makoto here? I thought she was mad at me. Why was she mad at me to begin with? Hina said it was jealousy.
Makoto was the only thing on my mind as I prepared the batter for the cream puffs.
Incidentally, St. Honor｣ cake was a French dessert, made by lining small cream puffs along the edge of a pie base and decorating them with cream. 
It wasn't until the 19th century did bakers start caramelizing cream puffs and adding additional flavors with the cream.
Pie and cream puffs. They were both crunchy when freshly baked, but their varying textures made it into an interesting dessert. 
I know! The pie tends to get moist if you use it as a base, but we can just apply the topping to it and the cream puffs later!
Right. If we offered varying types of cream, like in a parfait, you'd be able to adjust it according to individual taste.
Oh, and we can have them pick the kind of cream puff they want caramelized, too...!
How interesting! Let's do it!
Sure! 
...Wait, this is the same thing we did yesterday.
Huh?
We made... lots of panburgers. 
Ah, yeah. Right. 
I was so confident about them, too. I was sure they'd come out well, which is why I made so many...
Same here...
All of the panburgers are gone now, though...
...Huh?
I kept asking myself why, and it took me a while to realize it. I accomplished what I wanted to make, but you, Kenta...
I... made them for Senpai, Nono, you, Hana, and the others to eat together...
You made such a natural decision, and they came out beautifully. That's your true talent, Kenta.
And I... couldn't keep up with you. I was really frustrated and angry with myself.
That's why you were so upset? Not at me, but with yourself? So you weren't jealous?
Jealous?
Ah, er... Forget it. Hina said something along those lines...
I see... 
I thought I'd do the same thing you did during teatime yesterday. I worked so hard to match everyone's, including the guests', tastes...
That's why everyone liked it. You really are a genius, Makoto. You said I'm talented, but you were able to do the same thing.
...It's not enough. I haven't caught up to you.
Having said that, Makoto leaned in close and pressed her body against mine, entrusting herself to me.
M-Makoto?
You know, Kenta... I think Hinana-san was right. I{W:700} was{W:0} jealous... When I saw you getting along with Hana during teatime... 
I wouldn't exactly call that "getting along."
I know. You're so sweet, and couldn't turn her down when she asked for your help. I know that...
She really pissed me off, though. I{W:700} had{W:0} to win, and followed your example so I could do just that.
Make what everyone wanted, not what I wanted to make. 
Maybe I'm a selfish person. When I think about cakes and sweets... I lose track of what's around me.
That's... the same for me. 
You're more mindful of others, and it comes so naturally to you. That's a wonderful talent in itself.
I was so jealous of how talented you were... More importantly, I was jealous of how well you and Hana got along.
In saying so, Makoto nuzzled her head against my chest.
Jealousy and envy... We loved sweets so much, we lost sight of the world around us.
As for Makoto... Will I want her more than I want to make sweets? Will I lose sight of everything else... over the person I love?
I'm sorry, Makoto. I was in the wrong. 
Do you feel bad for it?
I mean... If someone asks me for help, it's hard to refuse. 
What if they ask for something more than cooking? Like, a baby...
I'd refuse, then.
Even if it's me?
H-Hey now...
Heheh, you can't say no... I want to. 
Want to make babies?
No, even before that. I want you to kiss me, hug me, and... love me. 
What about the cake?
Right now, you're the only thing I can see. I want you to look at me, and only me, too. Please... hold me.
Yeah...
With flushed cheeks and a gentle nod, I swept her into my arms.
Makoto's breasts were pressed firmly against me, and were quite plump compared to the rest of her body. They were so soft... and warm.
Their tantalizing warmth pulled me in, and I quickly pressed my lips against hers. I doubt I could hold out long enough for us to go back to my room...
