Nn, nnn...
The alarm clock I'd set the night before beeped relentlessly in the distance.
I wasn't much of a morning person, but I was in charge of making breakfast for everyone today and needed to get an early start.
All right, time to get up. Where's the alarm... 
I hadn't slept much last night and wasn't exactly eager to jump out of bed, so I lazily reached out from underneath the covers.
The recipe book I'd borrowed from the academy reference room had kept me up late...
Some part of me felt guilty toward my teacher from Chiba Prefecture, who often said that sleeplessness dulled your senses and was an artistan's greatest foe.
The button... should be around here somewhere.
???
Ah! Nnn...!
Mmnh? It's kind of soft... Klk, klk...
???
Nnn! Nooo! Not, there... It'll wake me up...
...Huh? Aaaaah!
I jumped up at the sound of that sweet voice and soft sensation, ripping off the blanket as I did. What I was pressing wasn't the alarm clock, but rather...
You're a perv, Kenta. My butt's sensitive, but even more so what's between it.
S-Sorry. But, Makoto...? 
Mmh, hehe. Morning, Kenta.
Morning...? Why are you in my room, and in my bed? Also, why are you dressed like that?
Isn't it cute?
Very... I mean, no! It{W:700} is{W:0} cute, but that's not the issue here... 
Don't shout. You have to keep your voice down, or you'll wake up Muffmeow.
Ah, sorry... 
A Russian Blue kitten slept soundly next to Makoto, and could usually be found coiled around Makoto's neck. I was the one who had named him.
He's still asleep. Would you like to conduct our{W:700} marital duties{W:0} while the children are still asleep, darling?
Marital duties... Gulp. 
Next to the cute, snoozing kitten was Makoto's own adorable, pajama-clad form. Her hood even had cat ears on it!
Considering her lack of pants, I was curious as to where that tail{W:700} actually{W:0} went. Maybe she wasn't wearing panties, too...?
Don't worry, I have panties on.
Right...
I put them on in case you felt like taking them off yourself... a black thong, specifically.
Black? Thong? Uh... M-Makoto... What are you saying...?
Hehe, I'm kidding. You can relax, I'm not wearing any panties.
Oh, okay, you're not wearing any. That's good... Wait, no, it isn't!
Meeeoow?!
I flipped the sheets over and sent Makoto flying. I felt bad for treating her so roughly, but I panicked.
On her way down, I got a nice peek of what was under her pajamas... Makoto certainly wasn't lying when she said she wasn't wearing anything.
What was she thinking? She seemed hell-bent on teasing me one moment, then totally serious the next...
Makoto might be the "thirsty" type.
