After a boisterous afternoon... 
Good job, everyone. The Kitty Parlor brought in the most sales, by a considerable margin, in fact. Hmph.
Aww, I'm sorry. Onii-chan worked really hard during the lunch and dessert rush...
Ugh, this is a dream. A nightmare! Grrrr! I can't believe I lost!
Muuau...
Heehee! 
Meow.
They really were like night and day. Our lunchtime dessert menu was, at one point, evenly split between customers. However, the Kitty Parlor's_specifically Makoto's_dessert began to gain some traction.
Hana made a cr､pes suzette. 
It was made by simmering a crepe in orange juice and sprinkling sugar over it. You would then apply liquor to orange slices and fry them over a skillet.
The liquor chars the sugar, creating a fragrant caramel sauce... It's something of an adult dessert.
I mostly helped Hana burn the liquor, as she wanted a "man to handle the dangerous part."
Makoto made a cr､pe, too. It appeared to be a normal cr､pe at first sight, but it was adorned with creme and a colorful array of fruits.
I only had a bite, but the one with the pineapple was really yummy...
True. I liked the Japanese-style cr､pe. Its red bean paste and matcha were sublime. 
Heehee, I think they were all tasty!
There, there, Hinana-chan. Eating all of them goes beyond taste-testing. Anyway, Shinono-chan and Inuyama-san, why were you eating our desserts?
That's because... 
They looked tasty... 
Yeah, something about them just made them irresistible. I think the customers felt the same way, too.
...Huh?
...
Spectacular work, worthy to be called the labor of Nekodomari Makoto, a genius. You still have much to learn, Inuta. 
Mmph...
Muuau...
...
Hana appeared chestfallen, and Makoto... about the same. If anything, she looked worse.
Compared to this morning, Makoto was miserable.
That concludes today's meeting. Once you finish cleaning up the stores and kitchens, you're free for the rest of the night.
...The exam is still in progress, so keep at it and strive for excellence! That is all.
All right! Let's start cleaning! I'll handle the front. You handle the kitchen, Kenta-kun. Makoto-chan, you...
If Kenta's in the kitchen, I'll handle the front of the store.
Ah, okay? Hinana-chan, please help Kenta-kun in the kitchen.
All right!
