I often dreamt about my travels around Japan, although lately my dreams were of the time I spent with Makoto in Kyoto...
Right, Makoto wasn't the only one I met there...
I can't believe you took an apprenticeship at Hana's store, too. You're more fickle than I thought. 
Fickle? It's more so that I was charmed by their financier.
Have you tried it? The butter and milk just melts in your mouth, and the rice flour gives it a really springy texture!
I know, I've tried it... That's the reason why you're working across the street on your days off?
Yeah! It's not just the financier, but their other sweets are really impressive, too!
You're supposed to stay busy on your days off... Like helping me train, going shopping or walking around Kyoto with me, or the two of us doing the hanky-panky...
While training in Kyoto, I apprenticed at a well-established p｡tisserie called Nekonoya. Makoto, who was the same age as me, was my teacher.
Her work was certainly good enough to be sold, but she was still in need of training herself and often relied on her father and his employees for guidance.
Makoto and I would often study and hang out alone together, but we'd often bump into someone else...
What's wrong, Makoto? Your cheeks are all puffed up... Did you catch the mumps?
No, how do you come up with this stuff...? I've got classes this afternoon, so no training today. Do whatever you want.
No training? Man, that blows...
Ohohoho! Us Western confectionery majors happen to have this afternoon off!
Hana... 
Good day, Makoto, Yanushi-kun.
See, Yanushi-kun, Makoto's busy with school. I'd bet she can't keep up with her classwork and needs more time to catch up!
I, on the other hand, am at the top of my class and praised by the teachers. I've already completed today's coursework, and am free for the rest of the afternoon.
We can take a stroll through Kamogawa, and go around Gion... I can recommend a power spot that increases your luck when it comes to love!  
Right, so Makoto's busy... Well, I can still learn from the other artisans without her. I can just help around the store!
You weren't listening to me?! That's so cold of you, Yanushi-kun!
Heheh! You're going without me...? Kenta, you jerk!
Huh? You're still here, Makoto? Shouldn't you go to the academy? When did you get here, Hana?
You're not the boss of me! I'm heading to class!
When did I get here?! Don't speak to me like I'm some vermin!
What are you two so mad about?
I swear, Kenta...
How can you be so thick...?
Aaah, what should I do? There are so many famous shops in Kyoto... Maybe I should look for a new caf｣ or something... 
...Haa. It's not much of a date, but I can show you around the other p｡tisserie and caf｣s I'm familiar with. 
Really, Hana? 
Yes... Not just in Kyoto, but in Osaka, Koube, Himeji, and Hiroshima, too... I've scouted out all the stores I could go to.
Western and Japanese confectionaries, desserts from assorted hotels and restaurants, Chinese pastries... There's plenty to learn, and I'm an eager student.
That's why you get fat. Except for your boobs...
No one asked you!
That's amazing, Hana. I'm impressed. 
Ohohoho! You'll be even more amazed soon! Do look at me with adoration.
Have you heard about the new caf｣ in Torimari street? A customer told me about it the other day. It's popular in Tokyo, too. 
Torimari street? 
He probably meant Karasuma street, but was there a famous store there...?
I've heard they mix Japanese and Western confections to make new kinds of cakes. I've been dying to check it out.
It must be a new place. I'll show you the way, then. I am a bit anxious, too... 
Definitely. What if the cakes there are good and Kenta decides to train there... Or worse, what if a cute girl works there?! 
That would be quite the problem! I simply must accompany you. Come, Yanushi-kun. 
I'm coming, too. 
Huh? What about class, Makoto? 
I can't just leave you. Cute girls aside, you're only interested in that new store.
True, true. Mixing Western and Japanese confections is like they are challenging us! Let's get going, Yanushi-kun!
If you don't hurry up, we'll leave you behind.
I'll lead you so you don't get lost, Yanushi-kun. 
Get your hands off him. I'm taking him. 
No, no.{W:700} I'm{W:0} taking him!
Huh? What? Makoto, Hana! Don't grab both my arms!
S-Stop! They're touching me and I can feel them! Hana's are especially big and soft... 
J-J-Jeez! Mine may be small, but they have a great shape and are soft, too!
Aaaah, don't press them against me, Makoto, stop! I can't walk, you two! Don't stick to me!
My training in Kyoto was always like that. Makoto and Hana were practically glued to me, and would start competing at the drop of a hat.
Makoto would often talk down to Hana, who would then turn the tables on Makoto if I happened to come up.
My training in Kyoto was difficult at times, but it was thanks to Makoto and Hana that most of my memories were happy ones.
