A few hours later, during lunch prep...
Is this good enough for the red bean paste? I'd keep at it if we had more time...
That's okay. They only just told us this morning, so let's do what we can.
Right. I'm more or less done anyway. Do you need help with lunch prep, Nono?
No, I can handle it. I'm not confident enough in my Japanese dishes, so I'm making some French-styled rice balls. It's still a Japanese food, and I'm studying at the same time.
Nono smiled happily. Personally, I thought it stopped being a Japanese dish the moment she started, but decided to leave Nono to her own devices.
Good job. How's it coming along? 
It's going great, Michiyo-san. How are things going over there?
It's not lunchtime yet, so things are still fairly calm. The dogs are with the customers now.
I wanted to come over and help you and Inukai-san... How are things looking, Yanushi-kun?
Prep is all done, and the others can handle the rest.
Others?
Yeah. We're making a Kanto-style Sakuramochi using a French galette... Nono's handling that.  
Yeah! Sakuramochi is definitely Japanese-style, but should I really be the one to make it? 
Yeah, I want you to do it. Michiyo-san, please work on the amezaiku for decoration. 
Understood. I'm still in training, but let me handle anything related to amezaiku. That alone won't necessarily make it Japanese-styled, though...
What about me? What do I do?
Hmm, you can...
Understood! I'll be at your side, cheering you on! I'll support you with everything I've got, Yanushi-kun!
Are you all right, Makoto-chan?
Yes, nothing's wrong. The mixer's been kind of brittle lately. 
Mhm. I was helping with lunch. What else do you need done?
Hmm. We're serving salisbury steak today. Kids love them, so you could start ventilating the patties.
Gotcha. 
Are you sure you shouldn't be getting ready for teatime? They already started, you know.
...
Of course, it's fine. I never make blunders.
He's ten years too early if he thinks he can beat me... Kenta, I mean. Hana's ten trillion years too early... Heh heh, hehehehehe...
You're kind of scary, Makoto-chan...
Go, go! Yanushi-kun!
Over there, like that! We're gonna beat Makoto silly! 
Um... You're kinda getting in the way when you dance like that, and you don't need to cheer me on.
Aaah, am I being a nuisance? You don't need me? But I'm supposed to be in charge of dessert today... 
No, you're making it, too. 
Huh...? I am? 
Yeah. In all seriousness, I doubt I could beat Makoto alone when it comes to Japanese sweets.
I figured if we all worked together, we'd put all sorts of small sweets on one plate and design it like a garden. Y'know, like a Japanese garden?
We arrange our unique personalities like you would arrange flowers in a garden. That's the kind of Japanese sweet I want to make.
Yanushi...
Onii-chan... 
I... I don't think I'd be much help, though.
You're the most diligent student here. You've visited tons of shops in Kyoto and learned a lot because of it.
We need that knowledge to bring the arrangement together. Of course, you'll be chipping in, too.
I believe in you, Hana. 
...Yanushi-kun. Hehe, very well. I'll believe in you and follow your instructions.
Hmm, looks like they're doing well. We can't let them beat us. I'm counting on you to handle the Japanese sweets for teatime, Makoto-chan!
...
Whoa?! Makoto-chan!
Heheheheheheh, that goes without saying... Look at how well Hana's getting along with him...
And, as always, Kenta's doing his own thing. I'll admit, Hana's a hard worker, but do they really think they can beat me?!
Heheheheheh... I'll prove it. I'll prove that I'm the one you need... Heheh, heheheheh.
Um, Makoto-chan, don't ventilate the patties too much. If you hit them so hard, they'll have a vacuum inside them... Ahaha.
I could hear Senpai's dry laughter and, since we were in the same kitchen, could hear the patties being slapped back and forth... I did my best to tune it out.
I'll apologize to Makoto later. But for now...
I had to give it my all to beat her. No, into making our kind of Japanese confection.
