And so, lunchtime eventually passed by...
...and teatime ended. 
It's time to announce the results! The store that sold the most today is...
Gulp...
Everyone waited with bated breath and eagerly awaited the chairwoman's words.
We were all gathered in her office after work. Everyone wanted to see how Makoto and Hana's duel ended.
Our top store today was Beans Puppy! Their sales durin' teatime were killer!
Heehee! We did it!
Aww, too bad. We lost.
...
The Kitty Parlor's Japanese sweets were super popular. Just what you'd expect from the daughter and heiress of a famous store like Nekonoya.
Makoto-chan's already a pro at makin' Japanese confections, so now I gotta eat even more of her tasty sweets!
Ooh... So you organized this entire thing just so you could stuff your face?
I couldn't stop smilin' from how good Makoto-chan's sweets were! It wasn't quite up to snuff compared to Beans Puppy, though.
The little sweets were lined up like a Japanese garden. You didn't let tradition hold ya back and put your own spin on it. What a great idea!
Addin' in the berry sauce gelato was a really good decision, too!
It totally reset my palate and I wanted to eat it forever and ever.
I made the gelato... I assumed I'd be no match for Makoto's confections, and relied on my expertise of making Western sweets, instead.
That was Yanushi-kun's idea.
No. I only made the suggestion because I knew you'd do it anyway. I knew you could do it, Hana.
Yanushi-kun... 
They are staring at each other! Hehe, it's like a rom-com.
...Grrr.
That's it for today, then. What should we have tomorrow? Japanese sweets, Western sweets, maybe Chinese pastries? Or British afternoon tea!
Madam Chairwoman, if you get too carried away I promise you'll pay dearly for it.
You'll scare all the men away if ya keep makin' that scary face, Fuumin! Ah, whoops! They're all gone now. Sorry~!
Heheh. You're welcome to leave, children. Now, Madam Chairwoman, we're going to have a nice, long discussion about your wrongdoings.
If ya think I'm gonna reflect on what I did_Ah, Fuumin! Your eyes are kinda spooky! Your smile's really cold, too... I'm scaaaared...!
Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Jeez, what are they even doing over there? Right?
...
Makoto-chan... Are you all right?
...
...Hana! 
Makoto... Wh-What is it?
A loss is a loss. Like I promised, I'll obey any order you give me.
Huh?! Ah... Um. That's very admirable of you, but...
Well, it's not like Inuta won on her own. 
Yeah, this is our victory as a team. 
Does that mean Mako-chan has to listen to all of you?! To obey a crowd's orders... and and do{W:700} this{W:0} and{W:700} that{W:0}... So hoooot!
Hinana-chan, are you sick in the head? I know a good hospital you can go to.
That's mean! It was only a little daydream...!
Society calls that being sick in the head, I believe.
...
Everyone is right, though. I didn't win this on my own, so I forfeit my right to issue a direct order.
This isn't like you, Hana. I thought you'd go, "Ohohoh, spin three times where you stand and bark!"
Ah, maybe you couldn't think of anything good?
What did you...?!
Knock it off, you two. If you don't want to give Makoto an order, mind if I use it instead?
Huh...?
You?
Mhm. And if you think you won because of me, Hana, then let me give you an order, too.
A-Are you guys going to have a threesome?!
Hinana-chan... 
I mean, as his Senpai and pseudosibling, I don't approve of any threesomes!
What kind of order... did you have in mind?
You're forbidden from fighting with one another, at least for a little while.
I'm not... trying to fight with her.
You keep provoking her, right? Then Hana turns it back on you.
I... I do not...!
We all know you're actually good friends, you're just shy and keep picking on each other.
Us? Friends?
...That's impossible!
Right, it's impossible. I'm from an established Japanese confectionary... 
And I'm the only daughter of a Western confectionary. We've lived and worked across the street from each other for as long as we can remember! We're rivals!
You, my rival? But you're so weak...
Wh-What did you just...?!
Didn't I tell you two to cut that out...? Oh, but maybe you're fighting this much because you're such good friends? I guess there's no need to order you around, then.
We're...
Most certainly... 
Makoto & Hana
Not friends! 
Then start acting like it. I always thought you two had a special relationship back when we were still in Kyoto.
Yanushi-kun... 
Kenta... Ugh, fine, if you say so. 
I'll do my best to befriend her.
...I'll try. 
Grr! I'm the one making an effort here! You are just so...!
Sorry, I can't be friends with her. She's the one in the wrong here. 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Ah, here you go again... Maybe that was too tall an order? Ahaha. 
