Good morning, Kenta-kun. You're running a little late today.
You always seem to oversleep, unless it's your turn to make breakfast, Onii-chan. That's not good!
Ahahaha, sorry. My alarm didn't...
Ring this morning, huh? I wonder why.
...
...Said the reason 'why' herself. 
Teehee. 
...So, who is doing what today?
I recalled what Nee-sa_Fumiko-sensei told us yesterday.
Senpai and Nono were in charge of today's lunch menu, with Makoto and Hana handling teatime.
I was helping out at the Kitty Parlor today, and while I may not be responsible for the more important duties, I needed to make sure the kitchen was ready to go.
The cookware and ingredients were all in place, and I refilled anything that was missing or low.
The kitchen is a chef's battlefield. One needs to have a good grasp of the terrain and analyze their forces carefully... These kinds of survival techniques are what's required of a good chef. 
The teacher who taught me this was a bit of an oddball. He had scars all over his body, and everyone in his commemorative picture was in army uniforms.
There was truth behind his teachings, though. Whenever I entered a kitchen, I was mindful of where the cookware and ingredients were located, so as to ascertain my forces.
Nn...
I wasn't the only one who followed such practices. Makoto scanned the kitchen with furrowed brows.
Good morning, everyone! Let's work... Aaah, look at those tasty-looking strawberries! Gimme a taste, a taste~!
I guess you're hungrier than you are horny today, Hinana-san. That's a relief.
...?
Hey, no sampling, Nekojou! You'll eat all of our strawberries!
Inuyama-san's really pretty, even if her personality's a bit off... I can't let my guard down. She trains just as much as Kenta does, so they have a lot in common...
Okay! Let's do our best today. I won't lose, Onii-chan!
Inukai-san is... Kenta's cousin and is like his little sister. She exudes this aura that just screams, "I love Kenta!" She's extremely dangerous...
...Makoto?
Heehee! Shinono-chan, Kenta's at the Kitty Parlor today! Isn't that a shame? 
I can manage without him... Nnn, I am{W:700} not{W:0} sad!
Heheh. How about the three of us have lunch together?
Korone-san has been Kenta's upperclassman since middle school, and is like an older sister to him.
She's both cute and pretty, and also has huge breasts... She's dangerous, too...
...Um. 
She was doing another kind of analysis. It was kinda scary, so I decided not to say anything. 
Pardon my tardiness, everyone. Let's work hard today! 
Hana's... not even a question. She's dumb, and feels like she'll lose right off the bat. 
...?
Makoto. Did you just think something rude about me?
Good instincts... But no, I wasn't thinking of you, Hana. Thinking about you is a waste of time. 
Grrr...! What did you just say?! What is that attitude?! 
Here they go again... 
But we all know they actually get along.
It does look like they are fighting sometimes, though...
Little things can occasionally escalate.
...
The two of them got along, and usually looked like they were just fooling around, but they really did seem to be at each other's throats most days.
