Phew... I'm pooped. 
I had dinner after work, and was now taking a moment to rest.
This was usually when I would relax, but I had a hard time keeping my cool today. Maybe it was because I had given Makoto and Hana that order...?
I was certain that was a contributing factor, but why had I issued such an order?
It didn't feel like they were on bad terms while I was training in Kyoto. They may have been snippy with each other, but they really were friends.
Why...?
Was it because I saw how anxious Senpai and the others were, or maybe I didn't want to see two friends fight...?
That's not it...
I didn't want to see the relationship they had in Kyoto break.
They'd fight the second they saw each other, but would still walk side by side. Makoto would aim for the top, with Hana desperately trying to follow in her footsteps.
Some part of me probably loved seeing them that way. 
But things changed. The emotional gap between us had begun to shrink, and I was starting to see Makoto was someone really special.
How do I feel about Makoto...?
Is that really it? I definitely see Makoto as... Hm. No, no. I wouldn't have sex with her if she wasn't special to me.
???
You wouldn't, not normally. I mean, I believe in your feelings. 
Thanks, hearing you say that makes me happy... Wait, Makoto?!
Good nyavening~! Can you finish that sentence, please? I think it went something like... "I love Makoto with all my heart!" 
I never said that. When did you come in?
Around the time you start fidgeting on your bed.
I mean, you're a big boy. Big boys can sometimes get a little frisky, you know? I didn't want to disturb you.
Besides... If you'd go "Aaah, nnn, Makoto, I love you, I love yoooou!" while orgasming, I'd be the happiest little camper in the world.
Would you now? What if I said someone else's name, then?
Then I'd probably kick you with the top of their feet. I'd watch it to the end, though.
That's a pretty messed up hobby. Jeez, Makoto...
...
...I'm not cute, am I?
...?
I know I'm not. I want to rise to the top with you. If you'd want to, I'd even marry and inherit Nekonoya with you.
That's not what{W:700} you{W:0} want, but what{W:700} I{W:0} want. Our relationship hasn't changed one bit, and I know I'm not very cute...
Makoto...
It's the same with Hana, I don't hate her. No... I think I like her. I mean, not in a sexual way, right? But she's my childhood friend...
She's a really cute girl. She's tall, has nice, big breasts, and she's got curly hair like a princess.
Hana's a hard worker and an even more diligent student. She's got an attitude problem, but... that's probably my fault.
Your fault? 
Yeah. Hana was always such a good, honest girl when we were little. We've been neighbors, and practically sisters, our whole lives.
But you know my personality. I kept lashing out and saying mean things... So that must've brought out her competitive side.
When you ordered us to get along, my heart actually skipped a beat. You really did understand everything.
...
...I'm not really all that smart. When I gave you that order... I was probably only thinking about myself. 
You were?
Yeah, I'm sure...
There's nothing wrong with acting on what you want. That's what I always do. 
I... don't think I could ever beat you.
Beat me?
I lost today, right? When we had that dessert showdown during teatime. I know why I lost, though.
You mean, why I won? That was because Nono, Michiyo-san, and Hana helped me. I can't beat you all on my own yet. 
Yes, you can. You turn your feelings into confections, Kenta.
My feelings? I don't get it...
The customers' feelings, Inukai-san's, Inuyama-san's, and Hana's feelings... The desire to eat, to be given tasty sweets. 
The desire to see pretty sweets, sweets no one's ever seen before. That curious feeling you get when you wonder what taste you'll get when you put this ingredient and that ingredient together!
That thought always lingers in the back of my mind. I can only make the sweets{W:700} I{W:0} like, the ones that make{W:700} me{W:0} happy. You're different, and can pull it off naturally.
That's one one of the things I'm bad at. I don't have the ability to give my feelings shape.
That's why I think you and I are perfect partners. We make up for each other's weak points.
If we share our aspirations, I'm sure we'll only mature... That's why...!
You really are amazing, Makoto. I don't know if I have that kind of talent, but you seem to notice things about myself that I can't see.
Ha... But I really am not cute at all.
...Huh?
The only thing I ever think about is sweets. It's like: Sweets, Japanese confections, Japanese confections, Nekonoya, I want Kenta's baby, Japanese confections.
That was a pretty outrageous thing you just said...
The person you love is, usually, the only thing you can think about, right? But, with me... I think I only want you for my own selfish, calculated reasons.
Really...?
No, I don't know. I don't really know... I still can't get along with Hana. Because, I'm sure Hana wants you, too...
...?
So... If I can't let my guard down, I'll just do things my way. That's why I'll have you keep this morning's promise. 
This morning's promise? W-Wait, Makoto... Nnn, nnng...!
