With my lips sealed, Makoto effortlessly pushed me onto the bed.
Come to think of it, Makoto had taken Aikido and self-defense lessons for about a week... So it seemed to come to her quite naturally.
W-Wait, wait up, Makoto... Stop taking off my clothes! 
Don't be shy. I took mine off, too. See?
What are you_ Damn, that was fast! How are you already naked?!
I came prepared and took off my underwear before coming here... Oh, sorry. Did you want to take them off? I'll remember that for next time.
You don't have to do that... Wait, maybe that's not so bad. I mean, no!
You look pretty excited already, Kenta... And it's only getting bigger.
Makoto added seductively and took hold of my cock.
She had a small, boyish physique, but her well-defined breasts and beautifully curved waist were much more pronounced the second she stripped.
Makoto didn't have a sterotypical Japanese body, but favored a more Western sort of physique. It had a cute sleekness to it that made me want to hold her in my arms.
Hey. I'll have you know I got really excited when you said you'd order me around.
Of course you wouldn't do that in front of the others, but what would happen if you ordered me to do something embarrassing?
I wouldn't do something like that! There were people looking...
It's just the two of us now, though. If you order me to use my hands to pleasure you, or lick your entire body, then I'd obey.
You want me to order you around? Mmph... I can't... and I haven't even taken a shower yet.
You sure didn't... Muah, mmch!
Huh? Ah... C-Cut that out. Didn't you hear me? I haven't taken a shower yet, I'm all sweaty and dirty...!
Amph, mmch... Heehee, you're a bit salty. Your sweat tastes... Nnn... Muha, nnn....!
S-Stop that!
I tried to sound angry, but it wasn't at all convincing. Makoto's wicked tongue work was incredibly pleasant.
Even though I was dirty and sweaty, Makoto lapped greedily at my body without a hint of shame.
She clung to me wholeheartedly, like a kitten seeking its mother for milk. She licked up my abs, my chest... and eventually my nipples as if they were treats. 
Each caress of her tongue sent shockwaves of pleasure through my body, making my cock, which was firmly grasped in her palm, harden.
Heheh... Your nipples are getting hard... So boys' nipples do that when they feel good, too. It makes me happy to know you like this so much...
Makoto smiled and brought her lips close to my erect nipples.
Kuh...!
She traced around my nipple with her finger and sucked them into her mouth. She suckled and rolled her tongue over the erect surface.
Muha, Nnn...! Nnng, mmmm, muha!
Makoto's soft nipples pressed against my belly. 
How could a girl's body be so soft? It was as light, fluffy, and exquisite as chiffon cake.
If those soft, squished lumps were to move away, they would quickly regain their beautiful, alluring shape.
A pair of small, elastic-looking nipples were nestled in the center of her soft breasts, and each movement of her body caused them to rub against me.
I couldn't hold back any longer, and refused to blindly obey her in this one-sided act.
Haa, haa... Use your hands, Makoto...
It feels good, your hands and tongue make my chest, my... everything feel good... I can't hold it in anymore...
I... haven't taken a shower yet, so I might be dirty, but... Keep going? Lick me more and use your fingers, too...
Yeah, I'll do anything you want me to. I want you to feel better and to feel me...
I want to feel you, too, Makoto. Let me feel you. 
I will... I want to make you even happier. Muha, nuha... You're not dirty at all, just licking you is turning me on...
There... Do you like it when my fingers touch you here? Does it feel good?
Ah! Yeah, it feels great... Ah... Ah...
Her slender fingers gently moved along the trunk of my cock. It was a tad awkward at first, but gradually improved.
Makoto's fingers were always so delicate and nimble. She eyed me throughout the act, silently gauging my reactions.
And that led to a much stronger sensation...
You're amazing, Makoto...
I gently stroked Makoto's hair. She jolted up in surprise and peered curiously at my face.
I'm so happy. You just praised me. I'll do more and won't stop until the very end...
I'll wring you dry, and take in everything you have to offer...
I want to do everything I can for you...  Aaah, muha. Mmmph... Because I love you.
Makoto's idle hands resumed her lewd caress. This time, however, she didn't focus on my chest. Instead, she ran her hands along my collarbone, the nape of my neck...
With each stroke of her hand, feminine-sounding moans escaped my lips.
Makoto observed me with a loving, yet mischievous look on her face. She looked like a naughty kitten...
I was positively enamored by that kitten. Not only did I want to hug her, but I also wanted a turn at doing the teasing... and the loving.
Nnn, ah... Mmm, muha. Kenta... I love you. I love you so much. The taste of your sweat, your body... I love every bit of you. Nnn, muha... 
You know, I feel good, too. When I do you, it feels really good... Can you tell how fidgety it's making me?
Your cock is getting harder and bigger, right? And the tip's getting all sticky... It's dripping and hot in my hand. 
And when I touch here, it makes lewd noises... Squish squish... You're twitching, Kenta... 
Ah, it's like you're inside me... I feel great too, you know? It's like your dick is fucking my hand... 
I want you to mess me up. Not just with your cum, but with something more... I'm sure I'll be able to lick it all up, but I want to become more familiar with your taste...
So go ahead and cum... No, let's cum together. I, aah... feel it, too. I feel it with you...
Makoto was just as turned on as I was. She was panting restlessly. The rhythm of her sensual massage had only grown faster.
Or perhaps that was my pulse. 
Makoto's aroused eyes were glazed over, and I was sure I gazed at her in a similar fashion as I sought her out.
Makoto... Makoto...
And as I called out Makoto's name, I held her close and peered into her eyes. I was quickly reaching my limit, and felt as though we would merge into one at any moment.
Nnng, muha... Haa, haa. Are you cumming? Are you gonna cum? Me too! A-Am I gonna cum, too? I wanna cum...
Aaah, cum. Cum, haa, haa... Cum!
I-I'm cumming. Ah... I'm cumming in your hand, cumming!
Ah, aaaah... Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Nn?! Ah, nnnnnn!
The moment I was about to burst, Makoto's body violently twitched against me and she clenched her hand tightly around my cock.
With her breath caught in her throat, Makoto parted her lips, gasping in small, rough pants as her grip loosened and I unleashed a geyser of semen into the air.
Haa, haa... Amazing, my hands are so hot they feel like they're melting. 
Haa, haa... Yeah, I think I came more than usual. 
It felt really good for me, too. I felt it... and came. My heart's still beating like a drum.
Makoto... 
No, kisses are for later. I have to clean you up...
Huh? Ah, yeah...
Maybe now was the time to say it's dirty. But when a pretty girl like Makoto offered to use her mouth for me... I couldn't argue.
But kissing after this would be a problem. Maybe I should have insisted on kissing before she went ahead and...
