We were about to go another round, but I restrained myself through sheer willpower alone. It would be suspicious if we stayed in the storeroom much longer.
Besides...
I'm back. Did you change, too?
Going back like that would be pretty bad. 
Yeah. Working with cum-stained panties under your uniform would be messy... if erotic.
...Hey, now.
Her straightforward and poker-faced reply made me want to do just that... Wait, maybe that was going too far.
When had she started talking like that, though? Maybe Hinana was rubbing off on her?
We should go back, right? I'll say that we were carrying supplies from the storeroom, some spilled on me, and I needed to go take a shower.
Yeah, please stick with that.
Makoto{W:700} had{W:0} asked me start making more cakes, but we ended up skipping out for a while. It looked pretty sloppy, no matter how you tried to spin it.
...
They might find out about our relationship. Are you okay with that, or are you against people finding out we're dating?
Eh...?
...We{W:700} are{W:0} dating, right?
Huh...?
Wait, Kenta...
What?
You should be saying, "Yes, we're dating!" We wouldn't be having sex, right?!
Makoto closed the gap between us and practically shouted right into my ear. A sharp ringing echoed in my eardrum.
Or, what, did you think I'm just some easy chick you could fool around with? That you could do indecent things with me for no reason?
Of course not, I'd never...
Makoto pressed me for an answer. Her expression wasn't her usual, bold smile, but a fragile, uneasy frown.
Sure, at first she didn't seem to care who I liked and she'd be my number one for sure.
But, in that moment, Makoto gazed at me with a strong, yet anxious faith in her eyes. It was the same look a child might give their parents, or a cat to its owner...
"Don't be silly, you know that's not true."
"You're the only one I loved, Makoto."
There were all sorts of lines rolling around in my head... But I... 
Ah... 
I gently cupped Makoto's cheek in my hand. Makoto sighed subconsciously at that warm sensation.
I like your hand, Kenta. I love you. It's so warm and gentle... So, I believe in you. I believe you feel the same way I do. 
Yeah. 
And, in our baby...
Right, our baby...
...Wait, baby?! Huh, wait, you're kidding?!
I mean, you were so rough and came inside so many times... I'm sure I'm pregnant. Yup, positive.
Oh, you mean that... Aren't you overthinking it? Sure, I came inside, but you said it was a safe day!
Yeah. Today's the day where, if we had sex, it's a safe bet I'd get pregnant. I'm fairly positive we've got a bun in the oven now.
We what?!
I should check my temperature... It's similar to making sweets, and all about the experience.
Huh? Kenta, you look stunned.
...Ah, yeah. Time kind of, uhh, froze for me... I mean, no! Why are you so easygoing about this?! We're still students!
Not to worry, we have Dad's blessing. Our Japanese sweet challenge from a while ago was posted on a gourmet website, and he called me.
And your dad approved of this...?
"Yes, excellent work! Nekonoya's future sure is looking promising" is what he said.
Huuuh?! He's okay with me being your husband?! I'm working to become a cake p｡tissier, though!
That's a minor detail. Love can overcome any obstacle. I think a caf｣ that sells both cakes and Japanese sweets is a great idea.
You think?
My mom's all for it, too. She keeps saying we should get married while we're young and do something about the declining birth rates.
Your mom said that? I really don't like the idea of people pressuring me to solve Japan's social problems...
Heehee, you've got nothing to be anxious about with me by your side. I'm sure it'll be all right. So believe in me... Kenta.
Makoto replied with a bright smile. I felt drawn to those gorgeous eyes, and just as I was about to hug her and reply...
No, no, no, we can't, not now! Didn't we have something else to do...?!
Right, the cakes! We gotta make more cakes!
That's right! We can't afford to put it off any longer. No daydreaming, Kenta!
Right, got it...! Wait, aren't you partially responsible, Makoto?
Hehe, I'll help you, then! At making cakes and a happy household!
As always, I got swept up in Makoto's antics. It was exhausting, but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't exciting, too.
My feelings for Makoto only grew larger and larger...
???
Nn...
...Yanushi-kun.
