Meowhahahahaha~!
I can't stop smilin', literally can't stop smilin'~! Mmhmhm~!
...
Maybe the heat was too much for her... So it's come to this. Hmph.
What's wrong, Fuumin? Did somethin' happen? Why are you lookin' at me like you just saw somethin'{W:700} reaaaaally{W:0} pitiful?
If anything, you should be showerin' me with, uh, praise and respect! No, you should worship me like the God I am!
...
Ugh. Now you're lookin' at me like I'm a piece of garbage... Ohh, that's kinda turnin' me on a little...! Ah, I'm starting to fidget...!
Tomorrow is inflammable garbage day... if I recall.
Hey, don't call your chairwoman "inflammable garbage!" You're so rude, Fuumin! Boo boo boo!
Not that I care, but what's with that goofy smile?
That's because the Kitty Parlor's and Beans Puppy's sales have exceeded Grade-A standards!
Grade-A? That's the level first-class restaurants reach once their profits reach a certain threshold over the W score... Ah!
Is it because their caf｣s operate in the black, where we employ students and don't pay their wages?
Black coffee sounds kinda good... But no! I took that into account and our numbers are identical to any other store!
No cheatin' or lyin' this time!
Even when I calculated labor costs, ingredients, utilities, and estimated rent, both shops are bringin' in the dough!
I mean, you'll see a noticeable increase with their daily sales. Our students are doin' an excellent job.
Kenta, especially. There's a blatant rise in profits on days he's in charge of lunch or teatime.
Not only are people a fan of the restaurants, waitresses, and the healin' power of our dogs and cats, but of his raw talent!
Just what I'd expect out of Kenta.
Meow?
No, nothing... 
Is that the natural course PochiTama P｡tissier Academy should be heading, as an institution that has raised many skilled p｡tissier and confectionery artisans?
I mean, yeah? Runnin' a caf｣'s startin' to look much better than runnin' an academy that's always in the red!
Huh...?
C'mon, Fuumin. Let's just forget about the academy and move on to managin' a caf｣? 
Do you want me to tell your mother what you just said? Or should I just spank you until you cry?
How about neither...? But, if he's there, I wouldn't mind runnin' either an academy or a caf｣.
He...? Do you mean Yanushi? 
Yeah, yeah, Kenta-kun. He's really popular, you know... 
When did he become popular without letting his big sister know... Inconceivable. 
I don't mean that... Like, y'know how runnin' the caf｣ is part of the exam, right? And, dependin' on the results, the highest performin' students get to train anywhere in the world.
Well, a bunch of stores volunteered throughout Japan... No, the entire world!
The world...? When did that happen?
Well, see, Mother made a smart move. She used word-of-mouth to get the media and some important stores interested. 
And then the craziest thing happened... Uuu, maybe we should just keep him around and make 'im a teacher.
I'm sure a bunch of students would enroll next year if we did!
...
That's up to Kenta... to Yanushi, though. If that's what he wants, we'll have to respect his decision.
Don't forget, he enjoys training and traveling around Japan.
But this is the big, wide world we're talkin' about! He might not come back... I think that would be a huge loss for the academy.
Kenta... won't come back...?
Yanushi-kun's... going away?
