Nn... Nnn, ah... Mmm, muha...
Mmm... Haa, haa... Makoto... 
Weren't we short on cakes?
Yeah, we need more cakes. You should make more soon.
Mhm, so I went to pick up some ingredients... Right?
Yeah, that's what happened. I said I'd come help, right?
Yeah, you definitely did. So how did we end up like this...?
Having sex after making out is natural.
No, that's not what I'm asking... 
You're an amazing kisser. We've been so busy lately we haven't been able to make time for each other... And I couldn't find a chance to stop by your room.
I've been really lonely.... So the moment we were alone together, I wanted to kiss and hug you. Is that so bad?
It's not bad... But, your kissing is...
Too hot and passionate... She immediately slipped her soft tongue in my mouth and skillfully wiggled it around, almost like she were trying to taste it.
My mind was filled with the sound of our saliva mixing together, prompting my lower half to harden. In fact, it had gotten so hard I was subconsciously leaning forward.
Heheh... Kenta, let's do it.
Do it...? You mean here? What if someone walks in?
It'll be fine. Kissing you turned me on, so let's keep going. Everyone's at work anyway. Let's do this.
...
Ah, yeah. Right...
That was a somewhat pathetic response, but I felt the same as Makoto. If I made a cake while feeling like this, it'd probably end up being a really lewd one.
Mmm, ah... When you're doing it from behind, it's almost like you're ravishing me... Aaah!
I hugged Makoto from behind and proceeded to grope her now exposed breasts.
Considering where we were, neither of us could afford to make loud noises. 
And we couldn't take off our clothes, either. Otherwise, it'd be hard to pretend nothing happened if someone were to show up.
We proceed to perform this lewd act with most of our clothes on and exposed only the essentials.
However, with her breasts and ass now in the open, a pink blush gradually overcame Makoto's porcelain skin.
The sight of her fidgeting and panting beneath me was incredibly adorable.
Aah, your fingers... Amazing, this is amazing. You're only rubbing my breasts with your hands, but it feels so good... I can't stop moaning...
You're getting better at doing lewd things like this... Nn! Nooo, don't pinch my nipples... Ah! Nn, they're too sensitive... 
You don't like it? You said you wanted this.
I... I mean, yeah... But I can't stop moaning or screaming... I can't hold it in, and don't know what to do.
Heh, you're not allowed to say that after seducing me... You've gotta try and keep quiet, since I'm going to make you feel even better in a second...
Ah, aaaah... Nnn!
I squeezed her rock-hard nipples between the pads of my fingers and flicked at the tips with my fingernails.
Nn! Ah! Nnng... Aaaaah!
Makoto tried to stifle her voice, but that slight stimulation sent her spiraling into a sweet, erotic sob.
Her soft, well-shaped mounds fit perfectly in the palm of my hand, and were just large enough to be proportionate to her body type.
I don't remember exactly when it was, but I once made a multi-layered sponge cake with mousse and Makoto whispered the word "Perv" in my ear.
Her breasts had that perfect texture and half circle shape.
Haa, haa... D-Don't play with my boobs so much. Nn, I can't keep my voice down. It makes me wanna beg...
You're the one who started it. Why are you acting so shy all of a sudden?
I... I mean...
Makoto's face flushed bright red and a faint squishing noise reached my ears as she shyly rubbed her legs together. Evidently, she was already wet.
The way she shamefully looked down made her seem all the more adorable to me, and I felt compelled to tease her more because of it.
Say it, Makoto. What do you want me to do? What kind of pervy stuff do you want me to do to you?
I-I can't... You don't like girls who say lewd things, right? So I can't...
That's not true. I want you to say it. C'mon, say all those lewd things. If you don't, we won't have sex.
...Uuu, fine... I'll say it, so don't stop. If we don't have sex, I'll go insane...
Please, err... Do it. I want you to put your, erm... your dick, inside my... p-pussy.
I want you to, do me like an animal. Please tease me... all the way in... with your dick.
Makoto looked like she was on the verge of tears, but her expression was anything but reluctant as she braced herself for what was to come.
There's no way I could restrain myself any longer...
Aaaah?! Nnn... Kenta?! Ah, that was fast...!
You wanted it, though? I couldn't hold back any longer, either. I wanted to come inside and tease Makoto's deepest reaches.
Nnng, aah... It's coming, coming in... Kenta's dick is digging into me... Aaah! My belly's going to break...!
Aaaah! Amazing, it's too amazing... My body's gone crazy. J-Just having you shove it in m-makes me feel like I-I'm gonna cum...
Nng... Makoto, you're so... tight...!
Despite how wet she was, there was a limit to what Makoto's inexperienced pussy could take.
After shoving my cock between her moist lips, I could feel her folds on either side of me as I plunged inside. 
Makoto's incredibly tight pussy resisted me. With how tense she was, it only pushed me further toward climax.
However, I felt a soft, comfortable sensation coil around my cock at the very edge of her vaginal depths, and nearly drowned in her moist flesh.
Aaah, aaaah... Nng! I-It's so wet... Aaaah, your dick is g-getting wet... Aaaaaaaah!
Makoto's body spasmed uncontrollably beneath me, as if she were on the verge of climax.
I was elated to be making love with Makoto for the first time in a while, and her soft pussy filled me with a numbing, yet blissful feeling.
However, cumming so soon after just going in was rather...
Huh? Ah, Makoto, wait...?!
My manhood knocked against Makoto's deepest part: the entrance to her womb.
Makoto bucked wildly against me the moment I touched it. She arched back and her exposed breasts jiggled.
She thrust her waist forward and jiggled her white ass, which caused her insides to clench even tighter around my rock-hard cock.
Uuugh?! Aaaaaaaaaah...!
Hot sperm gushed into Makoto's love canal. My body jerked up in response, continuing to spew semen into her pussy.
More and more semen flowed into her folds, filling her entrance to the brink.
My cum overflowed and seeped out of her vagina.
Haa, haa... S-Sorry. I...
Haa, haa... No, I'm sorry. It feels so good I can't help myself... I keep cumming, repeatedly. 
Repeatedly?
Mhm. I've had several small orgasms ever since you put it in... I had a big one the second you touched my womb, and it made me go numb... And when you came, too...
I'm sorry for... cumming inside. So soon, too...
Don't apologize. It made me really happy. I wasn't the only one cumming. You came with me, too...
It made me realize how good I made you feel, so I'm happy.
Makoto... 
Please, Kenta, fuck me more. I want to feel you more... I want more of you... inside me.
But we're not using a condom...
Don't worry, today's a safe day. So you can cum as much as you want. I want you to spill even more of your semen inside me...
All right, let's do it. This much isn't enough, and I want to learn what it feels like inside you more. I'll move, OK?
Come, you can move... Aaah!
I hugged Makoto from behind and resumed thrusting.
My cock, which had only just finished ejaculating, regained its earlier vigor inside Makoto's pussy and became much harder and hotter than before.
Haa, haa... Let's go. I'm moving, Makoto. 
I reared back, then plowed through her cum-soaked passage with ease and knocked against the entrance of her womb.
Aaaaaaaah! Aaah, it's so hot. S-So rough... Aaaah, It feels good, it feels so gooood! You're hitting deep inside me... Aaaah!
It feels gooood... Ah, aaaaah...! You keep hitting inside of me, back and forth, back and forth... Aaaah!
I'd lost track of how many times we'd had sex, and she wasn't as scared like she was the first time. Our bodies practically melded into one, like lovers accustomed to the other's form, never growing tired of the act...
I lustfully gouged Makoto's insides and her vaginal walls coiled tightly around me in response, wordlessly drawing me in.
The sound of our sweaty, cum-soaked flesh slapped against one another as our juices intermingled and filled the dark storeroom.
Kenta, Kenta... I love... I love you so much!
What is it that you love? The sex, or me...?
You know, there's no point in even asking. I love you, I love you, I love you so much... That's why this feels good.
That's why I feel it so well... Aaaah, it's only getting stronger. I feel like I could cum and feel this way forever... Aaaah!
It's sopping wet inside me... It feels so good, and it's getting hotter... I might have said I feel like I'm gonna die, but I somehow know...
Being with you feels so good I'd be fine with dying... B-Because, it's so hot inside my body, it feels like I'm gonna melt...
Ah, ah... I love... love you! More, more, let me feel you more... Feel me even harder...!
I love it, too! I want to feel you... Aaah, me too, Makoto...!
I probably wanted to tell her how I felt, but I'd reached zenith before I could. It felt so, so good...
Aaah, Makoto, Makoto!
Yes, cum... Cum deep inside me again, cum lots, lots... Fill me up with your seed!
I'm cumming, I'm cumming... Aaaah!
Aaah, aah... It's coming, coming, cumming, I'm cumming!
...!
Aaaaaaah, aaah... You caaaame! Aaaah, hii... Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I relentlessly swung my hips even after I'd reached completion, filling Makoto's womb with my seed.
And with each thrust, Makoto's limbs shivered... Her vagina spasmed, embracing my member into its depths. 
Haa... Haa...
Haa, haa... I, screamed so loud...
I don't think anyone heard us.
Heh heh, that's kind of a shame.
A shame... why?
I think doing it while someone's watching would feel even better. I'm sure it'd feel ten times better that way.
You...{W:700} do{W:0} know we can't let anyone see us like this, right?
Maybe... But I think you'd like it, too, Kenta. I mean... You got hard again inside me when I suggested it.
...
