What is this?! Are you two-timing me?! You are, aren't you?! You're not going out with just me, but Hana, too?!
Meow, meow meow meow, meow meow meow!
I returned to my bedroom after taking a bath and found Makoto glaring at me.
Makoto proceeded to make a series of accusations, with even the cat joining in from time to time, and refused to let me put in a word edgewise.
I mean, sure. Hana's cute, has huge boobs, and is a great cook... Ah, yeah, her boobs are kinda big...
But I never thought you'd cheat on me with{W:700} her{W:0}...
Do you know what "Psychotic" means?
Meooooooooooooow~!
I do, but this is all a misunderstanding! What made you think that in the first place?
The other girls were talking about it in our room. They said Hana asked you out on a date and you said, "Sure, why not."
That's adultery. I never imagined you'd be the type to do that...
You've got it all wrong. It's Hana's day off, and she wanted to go on a walk with Romeo and me in the park. That's it.
She did shout, "Go out with me" at first, and that gave everyone the wrong idea.
...Really?
Yes. I'd never betray you. I promise.
...!
That one word made Makoto's face light up with joy. 
I basically admitted to Makoto, who was practically my girlfriend already, that going out with Hana would be equivalent to me cheating on her.
A-Anyway! That's not what happened, so no worries.
Yeah, I'm fine now. I trust you, one hundred percent.
R-Really? Thanks...
She most likely had her doubts up until this point, but I was far too scared and kept my mouth shut.
Going on a walk with Romeo is no big deal, I guess. I thought it was a date, and it would be... an issue if you walked around with another girl.
But I believe in you, Kenta. I'll be with you all day long next time we get time off!
R-Right. I'll remember that. We'll spend our next day off together.
Ahaha, it's a promise. Cross my heart and hope to die~!
Stick a needle in my eye~ Fish needles, that is.
Wha?!
Even after Makoto left the room, my heart was still aflutter.
For how calm and cool she usually was, Makoto had a jealous side to her. It made me worry for what's to come.
...But, if I were to think about "what's to come" with Makoto, I'm sure it'll be fine.
Haah... Kenta really doesn't get it, does he?
Meow~? 
If it was just a walk, she wouldn't start it off with "Go out with me."
Hana was totally on cloud nine. She was humming and singing in her room...
Kenta's a moron, so I've gotta do something. Right! I'll keep Kenta's chastity safe!
Meow~?
