While Romeo was off convincing(?) Patches and the others, we were taking a break. Hana and I sat on a bench near the pond, relaxing.
The sunlight filtered gently through the leaves, and a pleasant breeze blew across the pond...
I was sweating profusely in spite of it. Being next to Hana left me a bundle of nerves...
The wind feels nice, doesn't it?
Y-Yeah. 
Hana's hair gently fluttered in the wind, and the scent of flowers and her own feminine fragrance wafted into my nose.
Yanushi-kun...
Hm?
Hana leaned close to me. Her scent pervaded my nostrils... and her breasts were right next to me! I could clearly see beads of sweat rolling down her cleavage.
Is something wrong? You're sweating so much... and your face is all red. 
Ah, erm... I just didn't get enough sleep. Maybe I caught a cold, too? ...Just kidding. Ahaha.
My, that's horrible! You should be taking better care of yourself. It would be a shame if you missed out on taking first place in the exam because of that.
First place? Ah, right! The exam and store!
Um... Did you forget?
No, it just took me a second to piece it together... Ahaha. 
I've really enjoyed it, so I forgot it was even an exam. Making cakes and desserts is so much fun, and wracking my brain over potential menu items is exciting, too.
Trying new foods that I don't normally get to have for lunch was also interesting.
The puppies and kitties are really cute, too. The bigger ones, like Romeo, are real sweethearts once you get used to them.
...
Do you think only the dogs and cats are cute? Do you think, erm... That I'm... No, that all the girls are also cute...?
Hana asked and leaned in closely. Her scent tickled my nose once again.
I, err... Yeah, I think you're cute. Really cute...
I'm glad... Hearing you say that puts me at ease, Yanushi-kun.
Hana replied with a smile and flushed cheeks.
Normally, she'd say...
"Why of course, my cuteness is an established fact!"
While that was Hana's go-to response, she now had a quiet, yet graceful air to her... She seemed different, somehow, and that only made me more nervous.
Yanushi-kun. If I we could... Let's assume we could continue working in Beans Puppy and the Kitty Parlor forever... Would you stay there? 
Huh...?
Hypothetically, of course... I mean, you always seemed to run off somewhere and would talk about your training all the time.
Hmm... Well, I don't know. It's fun being with everyone, and you know... I always wanted to run my own store, but I guess that's why we're taking this exam in the first place. 
And I think that's pretty nice. 
In that case...!
But I probably will end up resuming my travels. I feel incomplete and inexperienced... I still have so much more I want to learn!
I want to travel all across Japan. No, all over the world! I'm sure there are all sorts of methods, sweets, and cakes that I don't know about yet.
And I'll make lots of new stuff, too! I want to think up all sorts of ideas for new cakes and make them into a reality... That's why I wanna travel!
...
If you get first place in the exam, you'll be able to go anywhere you want in the world, not just Japan. Is there a specific place you'd like to go, Yanushi-kun?
Not sure if I'll take first place, but I've got a few places in mind.
My top choice would probably be New York.
A three-star chef once showed up in one of the restaurants I was training in, and he told me New York was at the center of the culinary world right now.
People of all ethnicities and races gather there, bringing their culture and cuisine with them. New waves are born because of it.
I want to ride those new waves, and make sure my cakes create a splash of their own around the world!
...
You're such a guy, Yanushi-kun.
Huh? Aaah, sorry. I guess I got carried away... Ahaha. I just thought it'd be nice if it could work out that way, but I'm not good enough yet.
I'm sure you'd be able to do it, Yanushi-kun!
But, but... I can't.
Hana?
Yanushi-kun... Please. Could I come with you? To New York and the rest of the world...? I'd follow you anywhere! 
On my training? I don't mind, but... 
No! I'd never be able to keep up with you, but I do want to stay by your side. By your side... as your wife. 
Oh, as my wife... Wife? Wife?!
I'm sorry. Perhaps "Wife" was a bit much! But, but...!
But I... I love you, Yanushi-kun. I love you! So much that I want to marry you, and give up my dreams to do it!
I'd get married, become your wife, and even cook and clean for you. Give birth to your children and raise them... 
I'll give up on my dream of making sweets. I don't care if I beat Makoto. You're the most important person in the world to me, Yanushi-kun!
Her sudden confession left me bewildered and surprised.
She wore her heart on her sleeve, and those earnest feelings were for me and only me...
A part of me wanted to accept them. 
But I knew I couldn't. Those feelings were too honest and deep for me to accept. 
Hana. Hana, wait! 
But, but that's...! That's how strongly I feel about you, Yanushi-kun!
I'm sorry, I don't want to know. I can't listen to any more of this...
...Yanushi-kun?
...
I'm sorry... I really am. I'm really happy you feel that way, but...
It made me realize that I feel the same way.
I need to express how I feel, just as you have done.
Whenever Makoto said she loved me, I always dodged it and never gave her a straightforward answer...
But that was wrong of me... You helped me realize that.
If things stay this way, I'd probably ignore her feelings, resume my travels, and leave everything up in the air...
I'd be too shy to say what I really think and leave everything ambiguous, without ever telling her how I felt... I'm sure of it.
I'll never be as brave as you. I only think of myself and don't care about what's going on around me...
But... that's wrong. I can't do that to her.
I have to make my feelings and emotions clear... So, I'm sorry. I can't reciprocate your feelings, Hana. 
...
I expected as much...
I knew it, but... But... Aaah, uwah...
Hana...?
Please look away for just a little bit... I don't want you... to see me cry.
I don't want her... Makoto's boyfriend... to see me when I...  Uuu, aaaaaah!
...
I obeyed her request and stiffly turned my back to Hana.
Hana knew... She knew about our relationship.
And yet she still mustered the courage to confess her feelings to me. Hana didn't want things to end without telling me how she felt.
Those feelings were crystal clear, almost painfully so... I simply stood still, filled with shame at my own immaturity.
