...
...Haah. That got kind of heavy...
Hana eventually stopped crying, and we resumed our walk with Romeo. 
She returned to her normal, cheerful self, and it made me wonder if I had imagined her crying.
I tried to force myself to laugh, but could only feel the pain in my heart.
After coming back to the dorm, I felt powerless in my bed and solemnly stared up at the ceiling.
Yeah, it's open. 
Meow evening~@
Makoto? Rare for you to knock before barging in.
Hmm. You make it sound like I always sneak into your room. 
That's pretty much what you do.
Really? I hadn't noticed. As they say, surprises are the spice of life.
Depending on the time and situation. 
Yes, depending on the time and situation. Today might not be the right time for this...
No, not necessarily. I was happy Makoto was here.
I probably wouldn't consult her about what had happened with Hana, but it's better than worrying about things alone and being depressed.
Makoto was here with me, and that was all the encouragement I needed.
Today was exhausting.
...Huh?
A lot happened. Too much, actually, and it's all moving way too fast. 
...
...Same here, I guess.
You know, I... I always thought you were my ideal partner. 
That hasn't changed, but I think we can become even better partners, both professionally and romantically.
However, I realized you have options other than me and I questioned whether you see a future with me in it.
Makoto...?
I should stop thinking that way, though. I love you, and there are no other possible choices out there.
That's why I'd follow you anywhere, Kenta. 
...?!
Makoto and Hana had practically said the same thing. Follow me anywhere...?
As my wife? 
...?
Um, Kenta. Was that some kind of roundabout marriage proposal?
No, that's not what I meant! I mean, uhh, even if you give up on your dreams... you keep on loving me. 
I'd never do that. 
...Huh?
I shouldn't have to do that, and I won't. When I take first place in this exam, I'm going to say...
"I want to work in the same store as Kenta."
You feel differently, right? If you win, you'll just up and leave to train somewhere in Japan.
No, this time you might take on the whole world...
And you know what? Bring it on. I want to travel around the world, too. I want to learn about all kinds of confections, and share how incredible Japanese sweets can be!
I'm sure we're both heading in the same direction, be it as lovers or otherwise, so I'll always be by your side. That's what I want.
...
...Ahaha. That's so like you, Makoto.
...
Aaah, damn it! I did it again. I said something super uncute. You probably hate me and are gonna dump me...!
Why are you so flustered all of a sudden, Makoto?
I just regret a lot of the stuff I've done up until now, and thought you wouldn't tell me you loved me because of how crappy I've been acting.
I mean, the way you just asked "As my wife?" was a golden opportunity. I should've been all meek and asked, "You don't want to?"
I really am an independent and self-sufficient woman, but some dumb, clumsy girl will probably swoop in, steal you away from me, and you'll say something like...
"I'm going to live with this other girl. You'll be fine on your own, right, Makoto?"
You would totally say something that! I'm sure of it!
...
I guess I wasn't the only one who had a rough day.
Makoto had been through a lot and had plenty to think about...
Did she really think she was that uncute, and that was why I hadn't told her how I felt?
Which was why she tried so hard to seem and look more appealing to me.
Ah! Is that why you knocked before coming in? 
Yeah, doesn't it up my girlish factor?
Actually, you sneaking in before could be considered a crime, I think.
Jeez. It honestly feels like I'm dancing to your tune, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
If anything,{W:700} I'm{W:0} the one doing the dancing. You're the reason why I can't keep my cool lately, you know.
Is not being able to keep your cool really so unlike you? You're pretty cute when you're like that, though.
Thanks... Wait, cute?!
Yes, cute. You're adorable when flustered, and cute when you're being cheeky, too.
Sometimes you really like to push my buttons and watch me freak out, but... even then, you're cute.
And I like you that way. 
...
...
Hm...? Did you mean you're "like" me metaphorically?
No, I mean, I like you! Let met spell it out then. Li-ke y-ou, I mean... I-L-I-K-E-Y-O-U!
It should be "love" instead of just "like."
Yeah, I meant "love," of course. I love you, Makoto. I should stop trying to beat around the bush and tell you how I feel. So, here it is: I love you, Makoto.
Are you really fine with me? 
No one but you would do. Yeah, no one else.  
Why...?
Well, because... you're my ideal partner, right? No, it's... how do I say it? It's how I feel! That's all there is to it!
I'd probably be depressed without you, Makoto. Even if I were to go off and train somewhere, I'd feel uneasy no matter what I'd do and nothing would feel right... I'm sure I'd be down in the dumps. 
So just like you said... I think we're both heading in the right direction. Let's stay together, no matter where we end up.
I want you to come with me. Stay by my side... I'm sure you can do it. 
Yeah! Yeah, I'll come with you. I'd go anywhere. I'll reach the top with you, Kenta...
No, I'll definitely achieve happiness. As long as I have you by my side, I'm sure of it.
Makoto... 
I pulled Makoto into a tight embrace and kissed her time and time again.
The soft sensation of her lips, the silk-like texture of her hair, and the small, adorable moans...
I thought of how much I loved everything and anything about her. 
