A few days later...
The exam pitting the Kitty Parlor and Beans Puppy against one another had finally ended, and we returned to our normal lives... or so it should've been.
Kenta-kun and I are charge of cleaning duty today, and Shinono-chan and Hinana-chan will take care of the shopping.
Inuyama-san's on laundry duty, and Makoto-chan is handling the courtyard.
Understood. However... 
Okey-dokey! I think Nekohana-san is trying to force some alone time with Onii-chan, though! That's so unfair!
Don't pin this on me. They said we could stay in the dorm after the exam ended, and you all picked me as your dorm leader.
I mean, you are the oldest one here...
Excuse you?
No, no. It just means you're the most dependable out of all of us.
The dorm leader is responsible for assigning everyone's duties, so picking Kenta-kun is a perk of the job.
Come on, let's go, Kenta-kun!
W-Wait, Senpai! Don't wrap your arm around mine... Ah, your chest, your chest!
Heheheh. I'll be borrowing him, Makoto-chan!
Grrr... 
Even though the exam was over, the chairwoman suddenly went off on a week-long trip before she could announce the results.
Nee-san told us to go home and remain on standby, but going back was a drag so I chose to stay in the dorms instead.
The others opted to do the same.
Haah. Our dorm leader's tyranny is getting out of hand. I think it's high time for a revolution!
This would happen regardless of who the dorm leader was. We all love Yanushi-kun.
Ugh, this just got serious, then...
Anyway, since a certain{W:700} someone{W:0} got a step or two ahead of the rest of us, we all realized that now's not the time for subtlety.
Or, maybe, that certain someone keeps teasing the happy couple despite giving them her blessing.
We're friends, right, Hana?! 
Of course...! 
...We're enemies.
You're terribly cold to your childhood friend.
Of course I am. You stole my Yanushi-kun away from me. I'll curse you for the rest of my life. 
...You're fine with just cursing me?
Of course not. I overheard the chairwoman and thought Yanushi-kun was going away for sure...
But I... probably wouldn't have been able to follow him. 
I wanted to be by his side, even if it was for just a moment... No matter who he liked, I'd be right there with him...
Hana...
But he turned me down. Thanks to a certain someone. 
Aaaah, sowwy.
Don't you "sowwy" me. I was really upset, you know? I cried and cried, and got depressed... But then I imagined your face. 
My face? 
Yes, your face. You were standing beside him in your Kitty Parlor uniform, wiping away your tears as you said, "Hana, thank you for giving us your blessing. Our friendship is eternal."
What a nice story. 
It certainly is, which is why I decided for things to turn out like this.
I'll get back out there, work really, really hard to keep up with Yanushi-kun and to stay by his side.
...
That's my Hana. 
Did you say something? 
Nothing. Was just thinking there's no point in you wasting your time.
Tch, you're being super condescending again! I'll never forgive you, Makoto!
That's fine, I don't need your forgiveness. After all...
We're lifelong rivals!
