Customer
Excuse me. Does this store sell Japanese cakes?
Japanese cakes? No, you mean Japanese confections. This is a Japanese p｡tisserie.
Customer
Confections? What's difference?
"Japanese cake" sounds good, though. Anyway, it's a Japanese pastry, so to speak.
Customer
Oh! Thank you! Cake, please! Looks very pretty! 
Of course it is. It's a Japanese confection Kenta and I made.
Customer
You and... Kenta?
Uh, I mean... me and my husband? Um, right! My honey! My sweet, sweet honey!
Customer
Oh, honey!
The foreigner nodded enthusiastically, seemingly convinced. Makoto beamed and the foreigner laughed happily. 
I called her a foreigner, but we were technically the foreigners here. 
We were in New York. After taking first place in the exam, I chose to train here.
Makoto followed me, as promised. She even joined me at the same hotel restaurant I was training to be a p｡tissier in. Everything until now was going well, but...
Welcome to Nekonoya's New York branch! 
Customer
Nekonoya~? 
Yes, Nekonoya. It's a cat shop. 
Wait, no, we don't sell cats. 
The head chef was really impressed by our skills, especially when they saw Makoto's Japanese confections as novel, unique works of art.
Later, the head chef told the hotel owner_who was planning on building a pastry shop outside of the hotel anyway_about Makoto.
There's no time to rest! I still have lots of Japanese confections to make! Thanks for your help, honey!
Who are you calling "honey"? Jeez, I came here to learn how to make cakes, you know!
Everything is training. It looks like I made my dream come true first, though.
The hotel's owner seemed to like Makoto's Japanese sweets and talked it out with her father, who wanted to expand overseas anyway.
With that, Nekonoya's New York branch opened without a hitch.
Our employees consisted of the shop manager, Makoto, and me.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining... I'm really not. It just felt like I was dancing to Makoto's tune once again.
Kenta? Let's work here for a little while longer, and then go traveling around the world.
Huh?
After all, we have to spread the word about Japanese sweets all over the globe. And...
And cakes, too!
Mhm. Cakes, too. We have to make sure everyone knows about our confections first.
That's the first step, huh?
You don't want to?
It's not that. Would you be mad if I said I didn't want to?
Absolutely. We have bigger and better peaks to conquer, all for the sake of accomplishing our dreams!
I really was no match for her. That's why I...
All right, Makoto. Let's do it for our dreams.
Yes, for our dreams. 
Makoto smiled in response, just as she had always done.
As for me, I'd continue chasing my dreams and aim for the highest peaks... with her beautiful smile at my side.
