The concept of Makoto needing supplementary lessons bothered me, but I'd need to talk to her to find out.
What should I say, though? Do I tell her about Hana...? No, that would only upset her more.
I guess I'll figure that out when I find her. Now, where did she run off to...?
...
...I found you.
Is that a problem?
Not at all. I was actually looking for you. 
Me too... I thought you'd come looking for me, but you're so clumsy. I didn't think you'd be able to find me, so I waited somewhere that was easy to spot. 
Like in the middle of the hallway?
Mhm.
You waited outside just so I would find you?
Yup. Got a problem with that?
Not really...
...
...Then why did you run off earlier?
...
I thought I might have been too mean to you this morning. I knew you had supplementary classes today, so I came to talk. 
But I couldn't work up the nerve to walk up to you, so I ended up taking the supplementary class with you.
You sat in the class just so you could talk to me?
I didn't intend to, but that's just how it worked out... I wanted to talk to you after class, but you ended up walking up to me first.
And you ran off without thinking?
Yeah. There was no reason for it, and I assumed you'd come after me...
Not only are you clumsy, but thick, too... I didn't think you'd understand why I was so upset.
If I act{W:700} too{W:0} grumpy, you'll end up hating and dumping me. I don't want... Hana to steal you away...
I don't think it would help if I were to say "Look at me and no one else."
R-Really?
It felt like Hana had said something similar this morning...
I mean, it's{W:700} you{W:0}. If you knowingly put yourself into this situation, then you're just a skirt chaser.
Huh? So, what am I now?
An oblivious skirt chaser. 
That's no different from being thick, is it?
Duh? It's charming in some ways, though. You chase your dreams with laser-like focus, even at the cost of ignoring the feelings of those around you.
That's why everyone fell for you. I'm sure Hana loves that part of you, too. 
However,{W:700} I{W:0} am your ideal partner, and I believe we're highly compatible. I don't mind if you cheat, because I know I'll win in the end.
You can get along with whoever you want... It shouldn't bother me, or rather, I{W:700} thought{W:0} it wouldn't...
So you{W:700} do{W:0} mind?
Yeah. 
You're jealous. 
Yeah, I'm jealous. Especially of Hana...{W:700} Super{W:0} jealous. 
...
Makoto was usually calm and composed, especially when teasing me. This same girl, who was always so sure of herself...
...was jealous over me?
She sensed my dumbfounded gaze and looked away bashfully, fidgeting restlessly.
Makoto. 
Wh-What? I'm jealous, but that's all. 
I... wasn't thinking that I wanted you to be nice or make out with me... or anything like that.
Yes, you do.
...Do not. I'm not thinking it... but I do want you to.
Hehe. Yeah, I want to make out with you, too.
Then... Let's go, Makoto. 
Huh? Go where...?
Breaktime was over, and the students rushed back to the classroom for more supplementary classes. 
However, Makoto and I were going a different way. I took her by the hand to an unoccupied classroom...
