Hello and welcome! Please follow me to your seat.
Yes, that's right. It's only moderately sweet, but it will melt in your mouth and has a nice, subtle flavor...
I'd recommend this one if you wish to order take-out! Its hard texture will prevent it from crumbling, and it'll taste even better if you let it sit for a day.
If you'd like to eat here, I'd suggest going with this one for a hot dessert, and that one for a cold dessert.
It really does feel like a waste to eat such a pretty cake... This one has a flower motif, and that one is shaped like a butterfly...
Amazing. I'd expect nothing less from a restaurant owner's daughter. She's always smiling, and it's comforting to the customers.
Hina had helped at her family's store from a young age which, when combined with her gentle demeanor, exemplified her incredible customer service skills.
The dignified and stiff atmosphere of high-class restaurants had its own merits, but the relaxed ambiance of this downtown caf｣ was good in its own way.
We have a wide variety of tea. There's one particular tea that pairs well with chocolate cake, white cream, or cookies...
Oh, that's right. Coffee can bring out a dessert's sweetness... If you would like fruit juice, I'd recommend something sour.
She even knows how to coordinate drinks with the dish... 
Thanks to Hina being the God Empress of Gluttony, she added all sorts of expert level commentary to her explanations that made her all the more perfect in my eyes.
Just as you said, there are macha cakes and chocolates. Combining another countries' fruit with macha creates a Japanese-Western fusion that's all the rage these days...
Both elaborate cakes and sherbets, which utilize fruit, have good qualities to them... Hehe.
Hmm... She's really good at upselling all sorts of dishes, too...
Watching Hina's skillful, yet easygoing display made me stop and stare.
She's incredible. A Hina2000 robot was a must for any store and would surely boost sales.
(Hina answers all of the customer's questions in an accurate and pleasant way. She has a better understanding of sweets than most...)
(That's what you'd expect from an expert foodie who lives by her instincts and doesn't sweat the small stuff... The God Empress of Gluttony...)
Very well, please enjoy yourselves. If you need anything, feel free to call for me!
I've got an order coming in! It's the daily cake set, the seasonal juice, and...
...Their order sounds so delish. I might end up eating it all by myself...
I'll work really hard, though! Phew, I'll make sure to deliver it to the customers without biting into it, I promise. Hehe.
