All right! So busy, so busy... What should I make next? Maybe I'll just make the same thing again...?
Oh, yeah. More of the same, please! We're gonna need a good amount of those.
My, look at the time! I'm not sure we'll make it... We can't do sloppy work just because we're in a hurry. Gotta be careful, right?
That's right. We'll get in big trouble if we sell out within the first hour. Gotta meet that quota, hmm...!
Staaare...
...Hmm?
We had prepared various cakes and sweets prior to opening, but couldn't help but glance nervously at the clock. It was in that moment I felt someone was watching me.
Oooh... 
Oh, Hina. Whatcha doing...?
Aaah... I can't... I can't take it anymore...! The world doesn't need the phrase, "hold back"...!
Huh? Wh-What?
Nnn, mmm, om, nomnom! Thanks for the treat, even if it's too late to say that! Omnomnom, om!
Aaaah... Your cakes really are the best, Ken-chan... It's like my mouth is melting, om... 
H-Hey, we were going to sell that one. You can't do that when we're this busy...
I would scold her more harshly, but she snatched away and ate the cake so quickly that I didn't have the chance to properly admonish her.
It's almost like she's in a daze. Pure, unadulterated happiness...
I don't think she's heard a word we've said... She truly has a powerful appetite! You can't keep eating the cakes we're putting up for sale, though...
It's just so yummy... I know, since we're down a cake, why don't I make a new one to compensate for it?
U-Um, s-sure... We've got a lot to do, so please stop taking chunks out of the rest of our cakes, all right?
Yes, of course! I'll start with making the batter... Hehe, I love to eat, but making it is fun, too!
Hmm... It might be natural for a p｡tissi｢re to act this way, but we can't afford for her to waste any more food.
Mhmm~ Mhmm~! Okay, time to mix and knead! You mix a little, and then knead it softly...!
The cream is really soft, too! Heheh~! Ken-chan's tasty cake recipe...!
Hina's usual smile crept along her face as she worked, almost like nothing had happened.
And as if we were encouraged by her sluggish, yet cheerful singing, we all got back to work.
La la la la~@ Oh, I'm getting hungry again... Maybe just one more wouldn't hurt... Heheheheh!
