Morning. Oh, looks like everyone's here... except Michiyo-san.
Good morning! We went ahead and started making breakfast! Omnomnom...
Good morning. Did you sleep well last night? I slept okay, I guess.
Morning. You're always the last one here, Kenta. I guess you're on time, so I can't complain too much.
A fine morning to you. The weather is quite nice today, isn't it?
Onii-chan, good morning! I've got your breakfast right over here!
Hey, thanks, Nono. You guys sure are up early.
With that said...
After walking in and greeting everyone, I noticed there was something_or rather, someone_I couldn't help but stare at...
Haah...! This is so good. Omnom... Hehehe... Even without the side dishes, I could eat this forever...!
Hina was shoveling a whole bowl of rice into her mouth. I didn't want to think about how many servings she'd had this morning...
You're staring at her, Onii-chan. We've gotten used to it by now, but she really is amazing...
Yeah... I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me the first time I watched her eat. I mean, she's so slender...
It takes my breath away every time I see it. I'm always left in disbelief; that's how unrealistic it seems.
Mhm. Hinana-chan is so thin, and I've wondered where all that food goes. What do you think happens to it?
Hmm... I'm so jealous. She can eat all she wants and never gains weight... If I ate a tenth of what she does, I'd get fat in no time...
You're just as slender as she is, Shinono-chan.
But, I agree. Hinana-chan's got a black hole for a stomach. Haha...
Food is just so tasty, though! When it's this good, don't you just want to eat to your heart's content? Not eating until you're full is such a waste.
What's the point of holding back? Does it really benefit anyone? Nothing good can come of it, hehe...
W-Well... To each their own when it comes to food, I guess. There has to be a limit, though...
...Hina's always been sure of herself. She may look soft-spoken, but won't hold back when it comes to food or things she wants.
Yes! Holding back means denying your heart of what it truly wants, and that's no fun!
We were lucky enough to be born, so let's always be happy and smile!
Humans are animals, too, so it's important to be faithful to your internal instincts. Lying to yourself is a no-no.
...You wouldn't think so from how laid-back she usually is, but I suppose her own animal instincts are just as carnivorous.
I, for one, cannot live off of pure instinct alone... Throwing your reason into the wind is a bit too reckless...
It's the difference between how you look and who you really are. A cute, quiet girl who's actually a carnivorous puppy!
Wait, does that mean you guys already had breakfast? It looks like Hina's the only one that ate anything.
I had been so focused on watching Hina, that I hadn't noticed them clearing away their utensils and enjoying a cup of post-prandial tea.
Yes. Nekojou-san made breakfast this morning. For how early it is, it was quite good.
Cooking for one is the same as cooking for five, and it's more fun to eat together. I made a little more just for you.
...Cooking for two people might be the same as cooking for one, but certainly not for five. In your case, preparing a meal for you is the same as catering food for an entire company.
Anyway, Hina's cooking is really good, so...
Yeah, it was delicious. As expected from the daughter of a Western confectionary. You have the skills of a pro chef, and I can tell you've spent your life in the kitchen.
That's right, your family runs their own restaurant. Wait, why did you train at Hinana-chan's place, Kenta-kun?
I thought they served some tasty cakes or something, but Hinana-chan's place doesn't specialize in desserts, so...
Right. We only serve ice cream, but we don't make it from scratch. We just use pre-made ice cream.
What did you learn from them, Onii-chan? They don't make or serve other kinds of desserts there, right?
...Well, cooking food and making sweets are very similar. I thought I could learn something from being in that kind of environment.
...Are they really? I guess it is similar to cooking, but...
You betcha. There's no telling where a clue for the Ultimate Sweet might be hiding, you know? Never hurts to learn something new, too.
Ahh, that takes me back. You're still trying to make the Ultimate Sweet, huh? Hehe.
Yes, I can learn a lot from that thirst you have for knowledge... That's a slogan I've kept close to my heart since the day I met you.
To be honest, I never had until then: principles, courage, and determination. I believe that's about right?
Yeah... You haven't changed since we were kids. You've always worked really, really hard.
Did you find any clues from studying at Hinana-chan's place? Maybe some secret chef techniques or whatever?
Yeah. The head chef taught me what sort of mentality to have when greeting customers. It was a priceless experience...
Just as my eyes narrowed and I looked back fondly on my time at Hina's place,{W:700} it{W:0} happened...
...Good morning.
G-Good...
Micchan!
Ugh...
Michiyo-san was here... Just as she was about to scowl at me, Hina set aside her food, clung to her friend, and nibbled on her earlobe.
Nnnn~! Mmmnmm, Michaaaaan...! I've been waiting for you, Micchan! Good morning, muha!
...Ugh. G-Good morning, everyone... I would... like to take a seat and have breakfast... 
They had a very intimate relationship at first glance, but Michiyo-san looked quite bothered by the whole affair and eyed us for help.
Ah, erm... Hina, since when were you this close with Michiyo-san?
Hmm? Well, I've had my eye on her since the first day we met and have wanted to do this for ages...!
I've been trying to approach her since then, and my efforts have finally bore fruit! See, like this!
...Bore fruit? What are you talking about?
...No, that's... 
Bear fruit how, exactly? Did Hina have feelings for her, or something?
Michiyo-san didn't seem entirely thrilled by this sudden development.
I really like cute girls and have wanted a cute girlfriend for a while now.
Huh?
I'd really like a cute boyfriend, too... I thought we could get into this kind of relationship with you, Ken-chan. I{W:700} have{W:0} been waiting for my chance to strike.
...Huh?
Oh my...
Ah... Umm... 
H-H-Huuuuh?! You want to be in a relationship with{W:700} both{W:0} of them?! 
Jeez, Hina... There's a limit to how honest you can be. Liking both men and women isn't being a carnivore anymore, but an omnivore.
Whaaaat? But I like what I like!
...Kuh, ugh... 
With how excited everyone was for Hina coming out (?), Michiyo-san bit her lip in disinterest, or at least she{W:700} seemed{W:0} to be disinterested...
