Okay, time to whip together some cakes! We... don't have much time left until doors open, so let's work quickly, but carefully, and never forget to enjoy our work!
Right, let's get to it! Let's get to baking, line it all up, and sell a ton!
Let's go! I get the feeling we'll have lots of customers today, too!
We started preparing for another day at the shop and earnestly readied today's sweets... That is until I suddenly felt a hot gaze burning into my back. 
Aaaah... The cakes look tasty today, too... Schlp... Aaaah... Taste-testing the cakes before they go on sale is an important task, so maybe I'll have a small bite...
Wait, stop! They are off-limits! We don't have enough ready yet.
I mean, yeah... I know that, but I can't help myself...
Just one! Let me try taste-testing one. Gimme a snack... I can't help it anymore...!
Stop it... Stay away, don't creep up on me, and stop trying to touch it. The moment you do, it's already...!
Aaaah, I can't stop drooling. Time to eat...
A-All right, I've got it! If you manage to hold back, I'll make you a tasty cake after we close! I promise to make a whole cake just for you!
Huh, r-really~? A whole cake just for me?
Absolutely! I... I wouldn't lie, would I? I wouldn't lie over something so silly, right?
I was being honest. Making a cake after we closed and having Hina taste-test it would make for great practice.
Mmmmmm... I wanna eat 'em, I wanna eat 'em right now... Patience is bad for the heart... I should be faithful to my desires... 
But a cake made just for me...? If I wait here, I'll get a bigger and better cake...!
That's right! A new, deluxe cake! A masterpiece of mine that no one's ever tasted! You'll be the first person to taste-test it.
Oooh, ngh, a new cake... Mmm... Ken-chan's new cake... A whole one, at that. I'll have to wait until after work... Mmm, gah...
She's conflicted... Her body looks like it's on fire and it feels like she might fall apart... 
She really does look torn. I feel bad just looking at her.
We could hear Hina grinding her teeth, but she eventually raised her head with a determined look on her face.
...All right. It feels like you just crushed every bone in my body with a hammer, but I'll wait... I can endure this.
...That's a pretty vivid kind of pain! W-Well, I'm glad you're looking forward to my cake that much, but... 
I don't really understand it, but I guess telling someone's who's essentially gluttony incarnate to "just wait a few hours!" is like cutting into their very flesh.
I got her to make that promise, if nothing else. We should be able to get everything done now, right...?
Stare... Staaaaaaaaare... Stare... Stareeeee... Staaaaaaaare...
Ngh...
It'll be fine, right? At least, so long as I keep my eyes open. 
