Morning... Oh, everyone's already here. 
Micchan, hehe! You're so cute! I love you! So stop wiggling so much!
...Ngh... Uuu, haa, haa! Stop that... I told you to stop...!
Heheheh! I'm not letting goooo! Because you belong to me, Micchan!
Wh-What are you saying?! Kuh...! Desist, it hurts! Ugh, hah!
Heheheh, heheheheh! Oh, good morning, Ken-chan!
Ah, yeah... Good morning, Hina. You too, Michiyo-san. You two are awfully cheerful today.
Uugh! I am anything but! I am in no position to be exchanging pleasantries!
Yup! I'm really happy! Thanks for noticing!
Um, is this where I say, "Fine, thank you! How are you?" Ahaha.
As usual, Hina inhaled her breakfast and locked Michiyo-san in a tight, yet whimsical embrace.
This was a normal occurrence, so I shot them a simple greeting and took a seat.
A fine morning to you, Yanushi-kun. I've become quite accustomed to this sight as well.
I know what you mean. It's not weird to me anymore... Actually, I'd probably think Hina was sick if she{W:700} didn't{W:0} do it.
D-Don't get used to this! This is far from normal, and don't act like this doesn't concern all of you, too...! Ah, unhand me...!
Heheheheh! Aaah, it feels so good. Micchan, you're so cute! I love, love, love, you~! Muha!
Ugh...! If none of you think this is unusual, then everyone in this group has had their minds polluted... Uuu...!
Good morning, Kenta-kun. What a nice, normal morning! 
Good morning, Kenta! Really, it's yet another, uneventful morning, isn't it?
Onii-chan, good morning. So, about today's breakfast... 
Hey. Good morning, Senpai, Makoto, and Nono. Today's breakfast, huh...?
It happened just as I was sitting in my chair and greeting everyone...
My food's about ready! Ken-chan, would you like some?
Huh? Sure, I'd love to. Man, Hina's cooking... I'm pumped. 
Hina had apparently had her fill of Michiyo-san's body, released her, and eventually walked up to me. 
I'm sorry it took so long, I was busy fondling Micchan. I'll get it ready, then! Be back in a jiffy!
Don't fondle me...! You shouldn't say such strange things, either...!
Hina's breakfast, huh?
This was a huge treat. We can all cook, but were home cooks at best. 
Having a real pro like Hina around, who was already on par with most chefs, never ceased to amaze me.
I'm looking forward to breakfast! Hinana-chan's cooking is really good!
It's like the kind served in a hotel.
If she's such a good cook, why is she at this academy instead of studying to be a chef?
I guess she doesn't need to go to one... I mean, she's already really good at cooking...
Quite right. She's a pro with hands-on experience. She feels like a seasoned chef.
Her skill as a chef is astounding... That much I will acknowledge. 
Thank you so much! I love eating, and figured I could make whatever I wanted if I learned how to make it myself!
I was happy my dad taught me how to cook, because I could eat whatever and however much I wanted.
But, one day, Ken-chan came to train with us and made a cake. I was shocked when I tried it.
It made me realize that tasty things like that existed, and I fell in love with it on the spot. That's when I decided...
I wanted to eat more, so I made more food. I also wanted to make my own cakes and, naturally, ended up studying here.
I see... So that's why you changed your profession... Ahaha...
Hina was faithful to her desires, as always. I was ultimately the one responsible for setting her on this path.
It made me happy to hear that, but talk about a heavy burden. It felt like I had to make sure Hina would become a skilled and successful p｡tissi｢re.
Heheheh! Cakes, cakes~! For now, I just want to eat my own cakes. Heheheh!
