Welcome! Please follow me to your seat.
Please wait just a moment, it should be right over... Right, here's the menu.
That's right, this cake is famous for taking advantage of the fruits' natural sweetness. That's why it pairs well with milk tea...
I'd recommend these two at this time of year. There always seems to be a peculiar difference in flavor on rainy and sunny days, huh?
Hina's calm tone and gentle smile made her seem much more lively than usual. She was also sharing her expert knowledge as a p｡tissi｢re with the customers.
I get to have Ken-chan's cake after work... Ken-chan's cake after work...! Schlp...
I've gotta work hard until then... Having something to look forward to will help! I'll work really hard to make more room in my tummy so I can fully appreciate it...!
That cake looks really tasty, though... As does that cream puff. A parfait sounds kinda nice... I want to eat 'em all up...
Hey, Hina...? Stop staring and drooling over the customers' food...!
They ordered it, so you can't take it. Don't you dare touch or eat them, okay?!
I guess I can't let my guard down around her just yet. Hina pointed her moist, gluttonous eyes at the food, began to drool, and reached out for it.
Uwah, I want a cake... I've gotta hold it in, though! If I'm patient, I'll get an even bigger prize later...! Sluuuurp!
That's right, be patient. We've got dinner and cake after this, too. Don't worry, you can beat this. Keep working hard... It's all for a good cause!
Ooh, I will. I'll do it for the cause! In the name of all that is holy! I'll be patient for the sake of your deluxe cake!
This was becoming more and more dramatic. It was almost as if she were biding her time, hiding, and purposely making herself suffer for the cause... Or something.
Hello there! Welcome to the Kitty Parlor!
(Well, I guess it's all right since she's still working... Whoops, I shouldn't be watching her and goofing off.)
I was expecting an influx of customers at any moment, so I returned to the kitchen and got back to work.
I'll do my best! In the name of all cakes, especially Ken-chan's cake, I'll overcome any challenge...!
Welcome, may I take your order? Heheh, today's recommendations are...
Yes! Part of me just wants to sit down and eat it myself, haha... That's right, this gelato is very tasty...
(I didn't think she'd be this gung-ho about eating one of my cakes, though... I guess that's the highest honor a p｡tissier could ask for.)
