Omnomom, nngh! Omnom, ommm! Aaah, it's so tasty!
After a workout, you should take a shower and immediately eat dinner! There's no feeling like it! Omnom, aaahm...!
Y-Yeah, that's the nice and healthy way of doing it... I think, yeah.
Following a leisurely, post-coital rest, we made sure no one was around and made a mad dash for the shower.
We realized later that neither of us had eaten dinner yet and made our way to the dining hall. As always, Hina proceeded to scarf down bowls of food.
...As for me, I ate the usual amount (perhaps less given how exhausted I was), and watched Hina wolf down her umpteenth serving.
Aaah, so good. Eating after exercise is the best. Omnomnom, om. 
Right, eat up. I should probably stop gawking at you and pour myself some tea.
Nnnnn! So tasty, so good~!
Haha, watching you is making me hungry again. I guess it's true that a well-fed woman is a fine woman.
It's like you feed my appetite... Ah, can I have some more of that stew? It had that kind of rich flavor that lingers in your mouth.
I watched over Hina as she stuffed her face, and decided to add a bit more to my plate than usual.
Aaah, I'm so happy. You called me a "Fine woman." Omnom, nom... I mean, food is super yummy, so...
There was a segment on TV the other day that said, "Light eater or a glutton, any woman who appreciates and is grateful for her food is a keeper!" That appeared to be true.
One more bowl, then... Mmm, maybe three more? No, let's do five more servings! Gotta eat in moderation! Heheh.
You're eating{W:700} more{W:0}? I'll fill your bowl, then. Do you want a big serving?
Yuuup! A big serving please! Omnom, just let me finish eating this one... Om, hmmm. Ahahaha... 
Ahahaha... You don't have to rush. You're chewing your food, right?
When I looked at her, those words rang true. It felt like having a girl, who appreciated my food as much as she did, at my side would be fun.
Life wouldn't be so bad if I were to grow old with someone like her. Watching her eat with such a sunny disposition really was lovely...
