Nnn, aaah, haaa, haa... Aaaaah... Is it in yet? You put it in, right? 
Guh, nnn... Whenever we lie down and snuggle, you always do this... Ken-chan, you're such an impatient boy, aaah...
Wh-What are you saying...? You're the one who held onto me, took off my clothes, and pushed us down on the floor... Haah, haah...
Hina pulled me into a tight embrace, flopped me down on the floor, and straddled my waist moments after walking into the store.
As she bore over me in a rear cowgirl position, I responded to her grinding against my crotch by grabbing her breasts in a "counterattack" of sorts. 
Ah, aaaah, your fingers are so lewd... You're grabbing my boobs so hard it hurts... D-Don't fondle them...
Haaa, haaa, not my nipples... You're just touching my boobs and it already feels really good... So hot and tingly, too... haaa...!
Uwah...
Squelch, squeeeelch...!
Aaaaah!
She seemed to be beside herself with pleasure after I massaged her breasts and rubbed her nipples.
Hina's body twitched and her sizeable ass slammed into me, illicting an odd moan in response.
Thanks to that, my cock, which had only been halfway in, plunged into her vagina.
Does it feel good, Ken-chan? Nnn, it's already in... all the way, nnn... 
Ah, aaaah! It's so thick and hard, it's tearing my pussy... It's getting wider...
Haa, haa... aaah! It feels good. S-Sex really does feel good, aaaah...!
Even if I remained still, her hot, moist flesh would viciously clamp around the length of my cock.
I-If I move... No, even if I just breathe, your penis keeps rubbing back and forth inside me... 
Kuh, haaa... Uwah, that's because it's so wet inside you... It was really moist from the moment I put it in... Aaaah... 
I obviously felt good and wanted to pound her pussy to no end, but the sheer pleasure left me feeling powerless.
The feeling of my entire dick being swallowed made me want to throw my head back and moan just as she had done.
Her insides were terribly wet as she bore down on me, and her warm writhing refused to let up. She'd probably been that way since she ate the cake.
Even just lying back with my dick buried inside her made it crawl in even deeper, and breathing felt like a Herculean task thanks to how hard she wrung me out.
Haaahhn, aaah! Your dick is twitching inside me... You're feeling good. I'm happy... 
I-I'll move... You should move, too, Ken-chan... Ah, aaaah, let's move together... Uwah...!
Gah... All right, Hina! I'll move, so just don't fall off...!
Ah, aaah! Aaaah, nooo! Okay, I'll grab on tight... Aaaah! Haa, aaaah...!
The thought of waiting felt absurd as what felt like hot magma seethed in my stomach.
I began thrusting into Hina's soft flesh like a plunger and lewd droplets spewed from our union.
Nnnn! Ken-chan, aaaaaaah! I'm so happy, move for me! Aaaaah, it's starting to feel good...!
Even though she was shaking like a leaf, Hina started rocking her hips in desperation and attempted to match my thrusts.
Hina smiled happily and danced over me, making viscous, obscene sounds echo around us.
Haaa, nnn, cum... Cum lots today. I'd be happy if my body could make you feel good, Ken-chan...
Haaaa! It's all the way in! It's so hot and swelling up! The tip is huge, too...! 
Ah, aaah! Haah, you're amazing, Ken-chan... It's so, good... Aaaaaaah! I'll move, so move...!
Haaa!
She begged me time and time again to move, which caused her insides to clench and coalesce around my cock. The sensation alone made me tremble and jerk.
Aaah, haaa! I-I'm gonna cum! Aaaah, I think I've already cum a few times already... Aaaah!
Aaaah....! I'm going all out, then... Stay still, Hina...!
I couldn't let myself get carried away and cum now. I used Hina's cries as my signal and thrust violently into her pussy.
Squelch, squelch, squelch, squeeeelch! 
Aaaaaah! It feels good when you fuck me! It goes in all the way to my womb!
Nnnn, uuu! It feels like you're gonna pull me inside out! Th-This is weird, aaah, aaaaaaaah...!
If anything, it feels like you're sucking me in! It's super tight! Gah, aaaah! You're always so tight, Hina... Gaaaah...!
Hina rocked her hips to roughly match my thrusts, all while wet sloshing sounds echoed around us.
When I thought about how dirty this was, especially in a place where we worked and made sweets for people earlier that afternoon, it only made my excitement soar.
Haa, haa, haa! Those sounds are crazy... It's so lewd... Uwah, it feels great both in my butt and vagina...
No, aaaah! I can't stop! My nipples keep tingling when you touch them, too... Nnn... 
Even my womb is twitching... Haaa, that's amazing! Noo, I-I'm gonna cum... Ken-chan, you need to cum too...!
Yeah! Let's cum together, Hina! Feel even better, because damn does this feel good to me...! Aaaaah...!
Threads of viscous love juices stretched out from our linked genitalia, and the more we rubbed them together, the easier it was to move. At that point, I was starting to see stars.
It felt as though my dick might separate from the rest of my body with how hard she bore down on me.
Nng, nnnnnnn! It keeps twitching down there... Ah, aaaah, nnn, it feels gooooood...!
I can't wait anymore, I'm cumming... My nipples and my pussy feel so good! It won't stop throbbing and my body is so hot and sopping wet...!
Aaaaaah! I-I'm sorry, but I have to cum first! I can't, I can't help it anymore, aaaaaaah...!
Hina...! Kuh, it's coming, I'm cumming, too! I'm cumming because you keep squeezing down on me...!
After Hina achieved a light orgasm, her asscheeks clenched and caused her pussy to contract tightly around me, making me feel like my waist might fall apart.
Nnnn, aaaah! Please cum! I can't wait any longer! I'm cumming! So you should cum, too...!
She shook her head and pointed her pussy toward me when my cock pulsated inside her, which caused her titties to jiggle in response.
Aaaah, aaaaah! I-I can't, I can't help it anymore... I'm cumming! Jam it all the way in and cum lots inside me...
I'll cum with you! Let's melt, let's cum together and feel real good while you fill me up with semen...
Hiyaa, aaaah! Aaaah, uuuu, so good! Ken-chan, together, let's cum together... Haaa, uuu... Aaaaah...!
Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spuuuurt! Spurt, spuuuuurt!
Aaaah, aaah! It feels good! Your hot stuff is squirting out, haaa! It keeps filling me up!
Y-Your semen is amazing! It's gushing out so hard inside me, it's going to sweep me away, aaaah! 
Th-This is... Ah, ah, amazing! Your cum is so syrupy and thick, I just might burst... 
Hyaaa! It feels good! Ken-chan, good, that's good! Do you like it, too, Ken-chan? Ah... aaaah...!
It's great! That's why I'm cumming so much... I'll cum more! Come on, take it all...!
Hina excitedly accepted my gushing semen and sucked it up like a beverage from a straw. 
Meanwhile, I thought she was going to suck my dick clean off with how hard she was clamping down on me.
Haaa, haaa, haa, uwah! More, spill more into me...! Ken-chan, go all the way in and fill me up... 
Aah, aaaah! I'm cumming even while I'm cumming... I'm cumming over and over, nnn! It feels gooood...!
Gah, aaaah... I-It's still coming out... It's sucking me in... Haaa, aaaah...!
I couldn't stay quiet after Hina's vagina gave a pleasant squeeze and repeatedly contracted around me.
Even breathing felt challenging at this point, but Hina still seemed plenty perky and purred seductively as she writhed above me in search of even more pleasure.
Nnn, aaaah! More, give me more! It feels good! I'm cumming! Deeper, go deeper....!
I'd lost the ability to speak and couldn't quite focus my eyes. At this point, my spirit was certainly willing, but the flesh was spongy and at its limit.
Hina, I'm cumming again... Ugh, take it all! 
I was in the home stretch and I put everything I had into spewing every last drop of cum into her inviting love canal.
Squelch, squelch, squelch, squeeeelch! Squelch, squuuuuuuuuuuuelch!
Ugh, ah, ah, aaaaah! Aaaaah! It's still gushing out! Amazing... Ah, aaaaaah!
I can't stop cumming! C-Cumming, so good! You keep cumming, too! I can go two, three, and even four times...!
Haa, haa! Aaaaah! More, give me more! Give me your tasty stuff, Ken-chan!
Here, have as much as you want! I-I'll let it all out... so you cum as hard as you can and feel good...!
Each time I clenched my cock, one vigorous spurt after another spewed out.
To my surprise, while it wasn't as strong as before, it still came out at a surprisingly consistent pace. 
My hot, thick, white sperm kept gushing out, extracting the heat and liquids from my body. I was honestly afraid of shriveling up at this rate.
Uwah, haaa, haaa, aaah... God, it feels too good, I can't stop... Haaa, haa, haa, haaaa...
Aaaah, Ken-chan, you look like you feel good, too... That's great... I'm so happy, nnn, aaah... 
Haa, haa, so good... It still feels great... Your cum tastes so good, Ken-chan... Everything you give me is delicious... 
You feel good, too, Ken-chan... Ah, aah, aaah, there's still so much coming out... It's so heavy... Haa...
Aaah, ah, ah... Ken-chan, that was good... It felt amazing... It's like I'm floating, but I feel like I'm gonna fall now, heheh...
This is bliss... Doing this kind of fun stuff with you makes me happy, Ken-chan... Aaaaah... 
Uwah, haah... I'm happy, too... I can't move, though... It really feels like I emptied out my stomach... Haa, haa, haa... 
Lying on top of each other as we remained connected, the two of us remained in that dream-like state for some time.
