I'm digging in! Om, nomnomnom... Hmph, umph...! It's so gooooooood...!
Your cakes really are the best! Aaaah, this sweetness melts in your mouth just right and it's filling me up inside...! Aaaaah...!
More, I want another! And another, and another after that! Omnomnom, aaah! Mmmph! It's so good...!
Th-Thanks... I'm glad it turned out well. 
Don't eat too fast. C'mon, it'll taste better if you chew... Not that you have a problem tasting food, but you're practically inhaling it.
Before I could finish the phrase "The cake is ready," Hina snatched it and dug into it on the spot like some kind of depraved animal.
It seemed she had waited long enough and practically swallowed the cake whole. My concerns were unfounded, as she was apparently chewing{W:700} very{W:0} fast.
Uwah, I'm so excited! Haah, haah...! It's so tasty, tears are coming out...! Uwah, mmph...!
P-Please don't cry! ...Well, I'm glad the new cake was a success. Can't believe it made you cry, though...
Hina was fresh out of patience and had her fork at the ready. She then stabbed the nearby cake with her utensil and gorged herself, all while shedding tears of joy.
Sorry you had to wait so long for it...
You'd think that she hadn't eaten in days from how she was acting, but that only made me feel all the more guilty.
Hina didn't seem to mind at all, though. She happily sat biting, chewing, munching, and chomping on the cake.
Aaah, aaah! It's a good thing I was patient... An empty stomach is the best spice! Being patient like this was what my life needed!
Waiting for it definitely made it taste better. Omnom, nom... Mmmmph... Such bliss!
Haha. Just try not to choke on it. If it's that good, maybe I'll sell it... Traditional whipped cream cakes have been pretty rare these days...
I was dubious if she was even listening to me, as she greedily bit into the cake with a huge grin on her face.
So yummy! I feel like I could eat and eat and never have enough!
I was taken aback by her eating habits, but I was happy all the same. This really was the highest honor a p｡tissier could ask for...
Well, I should probably call it quits here. Aaah, so full... I always have room for more, though.
Hinana had eaten the entire cake like it was nothing and shot me a satisfied grin.
She did say she could eat more, but I chose to ignore that. That girl had a bottomless pit for a stomach.
Ahaha, I should be used to this by now, but you ate all of that really fast. I'm glad you liked it so much.
Let's go back to our rooms and get some sleepｩ
Thank you for the tasty treat. Now that I've satisfied my appetite, it's time to tend to my lust.
Huh?
Before I could question her further, Hinana grabbed me by the sleeve and dragged me down to the floor.
They say food, sex, and sleep are the three most important things for a man. We can't ignore any of them. First we ate, and now we'll have sex!
Ah, but we can't go to sleep before we've had dinner. Hehehe...
