I'm digging in! Omnomnom, mmm! Mmn, omnonom, mmm!
Well? Do you like it?
Whoa, it's so good! Your cakes really are the best...! So yummy! Omnomom...
Haha, thanks. I'm glad to hear you like it so much.
She munched on my experimental cake with a wide smile on her face.
She snatched it out of my hands and started eating it before I could even say, "It's ready!"
Hina was awfully dexterous for someone so easy-going (only when it came to food, though). 
Aaah, Ken-chan's cake is the best thing ever... It's like you were born into this world just to satisfy me...
...What?
Everything about you makes me unbelievably happy! You give me tasty cakes, fun times, and you make me feel good, too...
All of that is for my sake, so I believe you were born just for me...
H-Hey... Ah! 
I was about to interject her little speech when she suddenly pulled me into a soft embrace.
Well then... Omnom, glmp... Now that my belly is full, it's time to satisfy me sexually... Let's do it!
Huh? "Do it"? You mean sex? N-Now...?
I probably would've made her another cake if she had asked, but this had gone in an entirely different direction.
I mean, I got lots of rest and had plenty to eat...
I'm full now that I've breakfast! Hehe. Wait, are you hungry, Ken-chan?
H-Huh? No, I'm not hungry yet... I don't really eat in the mornings anyway...
That works out perfectly, then! We can have sex, take a shower, and have breakfast after!
We'll have breakfast together! I'll fill up your bowl and spoon feed you! Hehe!
...You just want to stuff your face again, don't you? Or you're just going to take advantage of the situation by saying I'm your "second meal" or something...
I've satisifed my need for sleep, ate cake until I was full, so now all that's left is to appease me sexually... Hehehehe...
U-Um...
People who were true to their desires may talk slowly, but they were always quick to take charge of any situation.
As a matter of fact, Hina was already in the mood long before I could fathom what was going on.
Hina tightened her grip around me and refused to let me go.
So, with the excuse of not being able to run away as justification, I... 
