Hmm?
...Tch...
Huh, Michiyo-san? You look kind of flustered. Is everything okay...?
Ah... Yanushi...
I bumped into Michiyo-san after leaving my room and heading down the hall. She was walking at a rather brisk pace, and looked as white as a sheet.
...Uwah, uuu, haa, haa... Yanushi... kuh, uu, uuuu...
Huh? Hey, what's wrong with you? You're shaking like a leaf... What's wrong, Michiyo-san?
A gh-gh-ghost... Th-There's a ghost... a phantom, a ghost, a poltergeist...! Something... Something there...!
Huh?
...Uu, uuu... A ghost... There's a ghost...
Huh? A ghost? Where did you... Wait, wait a second, Michiyo-san...
Ah, aah... Uu, aaaah...! I didn't see anything! Gh-Ghosts aren't... Ghosts aren't real...
Aaaaah, waaaaaaaaaaaah! Uuu, aaah, aaah, ah, aaaaaaaaah...!
Wait, Michiyo-san! Michiyo-sa... Mi-Michiyo-saaaaaaaaaaaaaan!
Mumbling incomprehensibly, Michiyo-san suddenly screamed in terror and ran off shivering, and sought refuge in her room.
Wait a second, a ghost? Ghosts don't exist... 
It didn't seem plausible, but I was still bothered by it. I couldn't imagine Michiyo-san saying something like, "I saw a ghost!"
...I remember Hana mentioning something about a ghost before, but wasn't in the right state of mind to dwell on it at the time.
Kuh...
No other option but to go check out the dining hall, which was in the same direction Michiyo-san had come from...
...
I stood at the dining hall's entrance...
Ugh...!
I peered inside and felt countless and gloomy somethings writhing noisly in the darkness.
(Wh-What's going on? It's not cockroaches... It feels and sounds completely different... Don't tell me that's a ghost...?!)
Kuh... If it's bigger than a cockroach, I guess it could be rats... Rats aren't uncommon, right...?
It was probably, definitely rats. I hoped it was rats; that wouldn't be as scary. 
Swallowing nervously, I kept telling myself it was rats and peeked into the kitchen...
Om. 
Aah?! 
Omomom, nomnomnom, mmmm, ngh... Mmm? Did I just hear something... Mmm?
Oh... 
It felt like I had just walked in on something I shouldn't have and quickly reared back.
Hm, maybe I'm imagining things? Omnonom, mm... Phew, it's so goooood! Mnn...
Hina was crouching on the floor in the dining hall.
Several cats sat next to her and were indulging in a meal... Or rather, a light-night snack.
Hina looked in my direction with fish-meat sausage dangling from her mouth and a loaf of French bread in her hand.
Illuminated by the light from the open refrigerator, they vividly resembled a ghost or monster of some kind.
Bowls of milk were placed around her, with a flock of her feline familiars crowded around them... The kittehz. 
Eat up, you guys. Mmmm, glmp... The time in between breakfast and dinner is when you always get hungry, am I right? Mmm...
In other words, the cats were Hina's partners in crime in this night-snacking extravaganza.
(So that's the "ghost"... Yeah, seeing a single light in a dark room would be pretty creepy...)
I watched Hina munching on her midnight snack and stifled a smile as I recalled how nervous Hana was and Michiyo-san running off in terror.
Exasperated, I realized how much of a handful this girl was. At the same time, there was something heartwarming and precious to her, though. 
Are you done, everyone~? Heheheh, I'm gonna keep eating for a while. My tummy will be empty before sunrise if I don't!
Being able to eat this much is pure bliss! The more I eat, the more I can work tomorrow! Hehe, hehe...
(What's this feeling...? Just looking at Hina makes me feel... warm and happy...)
Overwhelmed by this sudden and unknown emotion that sprung up on me...
Ah, I should eat this, too! Omonom, glmp! Phew, I can't forget to chew...
It's just so good, though! Omomomom, nomnonom... Mmm, aaahn... Omonomnom, glmp! Heheh!
Hahaha... Yeah, eat up, Hina... I guess I'll go to bed then. See you tomorrow...
I guess this was fine. Watching Hina left me with warm and fuzzy feelings.
I didn't want to interrupt, and opted to return to my dorm room without saying a word.
I was still thirsty, though... Guess I'll get some water from the bathroom and head to bed.
