Ah, Ken-chan. Good morning. 
Morning, Hina. Did you sleep well last night?
Yes, thanks to you. How about you? 
Ditto. Heck, I even woke up before my alarm went off this morning. Haha...
That's great! I slept really well last night and woke up early, too. It felt really nice.
Going to sleep after you're sexually satisfied is important. Hehe...
S-Sexually satisfied, huh? Haha... I guess you're not wrong. It's better for your body to not be in constant self-denial.
That's right. You won't be able to sleep well at night if you hold yourself back. Your tummy will grumble and it'll be super frustrating.
Wh-When you put it that way, yeah... Trying to sleep on an empty stomach is not fun, but...
Saying something that was tantamount to, "Self-denial is a no-no! Going to sleep after fucking like rabbits is good for you" didn't quite sit well with me.
It's such a nice day today! It feels so nice and refreshing. Hehe.
I met Hina out in the hallway after getting ready and changing into my work uniform.
We'd had sex after dinner yesterday and later returned to our individual rooms. It makes sense why she slept so well.
Even though we were alone, it was still embarrassing to talk about what had transpired last night. Hina, the woman in the relationship, wasn't freaking out as much as I was.
Oh, you already changed into your uniform, Ken-chan. We still have some time left before we need to head out.
Ah, well... I actually came up with a new recipe before I went to sleep, so I can't sit still... Figured I'd go try it out now.
A new recipe?! I'd love to help you make it! Is it a cake?! Can I taste-test it?!
Y-Yeah, sure... Let me know what you think. It's better than just doing a self-evaluation.
Yay! I'll go change into my uniform, too! Wait for me in the kitchen. 
Sure thing. I'll have everything ready by the time you get there, so no need to rush.
Thank you! I'll try to make it quick!
Yay! A new idea, a new cake! I get to eat Ken-chan's cakes this early in the morning, yay!
She's so happy about it... What's with her? Ahaha...
It appeared Hina wanted to help bring my new idea to life.
Seeing how happy she was made me happy, too. This was an experiment at best, but it felt like it was definitely worth doing.
