Good work today, me... Phew... 
Now that I was done with work, I reflected on how much had happened today while relaxing in bed.
(I wonder what kind of questions we get about the store? Usually it's about stuff like prices, how to get here and the menu.)
(What if we get interviewed...? What will they ask then? They're not gonna exaggerate and fabricate stuff to make scandalous news, are they...?)
(W-Well, we're just a small caf｣, I doubt there's enough dirt to even start a scandal about us... I think, anyway...)
(If it's just the local news going with something like, "Check out this great store near the station!" that would be nice... But...)
(There's apparently been people asking about me, too... What would anyone get out of that? I don't get it...)
Inquiries about the store, interview requests, and questions about me. I didn't know how to approach them, much less the right nuance to tackling these sorts of situations.
I'd never experienced something like this before. I could rack my brain for hours and still wouldn't have an answer.
...
Which lead me to the next thing on my mind...
Hina... 
Yes, Hina. I couldn't get her out of my head for some reason. It's been like this for a while.
I started thinking about her before I even noticed it.
The only thing I'd put thought into until now was making sweets I could be proud of. 
I advanced down that path single-mindedly, believing it would lead me to making the Ultimate Sweet.
But it felt like ever since I got closer to Hina, something about my way of thinking had changed.
(It's nice making cakes for someone else... No, it actually feels like the natural thing to do.)
(That's what making sweets is all about... P｡tissier work for their customers, just like when parents make treats for their children...)
(If I just work for my own sake, I'll eventually hit a wall... But when I work for someone else, it opens up a whole new world I couldn't see before...)
That's how I started to feel. 
I've trained in all sorts of stores and learned all the tricks of the trade.
But what I gained over the last few weeks felt so much more meaningful than all of that put together.
(I've grown a lot since I started making sweets for Hina, just so I could hear how much she liked them...)
(Hina's special... She's a special person in my life...)
Ugh... 
My pulse raced the moment that thought crossed my mind.
I thought my heart had skipped a beat for a second there, so I straightened my back.
Good evening, Ken-chan. 
Whoa?! O-Oh, when did you come in, Hina...? Don't just walk in without permission... What's wrong?
I suddenly found Hina, who seemingly came to visit, standing next to me. 
I felt my mind wander and tried to calm down.
Don't mind me! Hmm, we have the day off tomorrow. Do you want to go on a date with me?
Sure! Of course, I don't have any plans, ahaha...
I responded immediately upon hearing the word "date," and agreed before I could even fully process what was going on. Talk about embarrassing...
I'll see you tomorrow, then! Let's meet up in front of the store before noon, okay? 
Yeah, it's fine. So around ten or eleven...
Okie dokie~ I'll be going then. See you~!
Phew, she surprised me... When did she come in? Did she knock and just quietly walk in?
She walked in on my absentminded self and quickly left without much regard for my confusion.
(A date, huh...? A date with Hina... It's just going around with her for a bit, but...)
I was so happy. It honestly sounded like a lot of fun!
When I thought about my upcoming date with Hina, my heart leaped with an indescribable joy and left me feeling excited for what was to come.
