We returned to the store following our morning briefing.
Upon entering, we were happily greeted by the cats who stayed back to hold down the fort (or rather, they straight-up lived here).
Yes, here you are! Thanks for waiting, you guys. Eat up!
Oh, right. It was your turn to feed them today. Good job.
Yup! I figured I should feed them sooner rather than later. Having to wait can be hard sometimes. Hehe.
As usual, Hina started feeding the kittens.
With Hina being a foodie, she wasn't exactly shy when it came to feeding animals and had given them what looked like human-sized portions.
They look so happy... The cats really love you, Hinana-chan. I'm jealous. 
I think they like all of us, but they do seem to like her best. I wonder how she does it?
Yeah... I get what you mean... Ahaha, they really like her... I guess she just makes the cats feel like she's one of them, ahaha... 
Oh, I could see that. They probably think she's a really big cat, haha...
Yeah, they probably see her as a mommy cat. No, a buddy cat. Hehe.
As the three of us laughed together, a certain thought crossed my mind. 
The kittens were probably this attached to her because of their late-night snacking. She was their food-snatching partner!
Which meant Hinana didn't just feed them during their morning feedings, but also gave them midnight snacks... or rather, midnight meals. 
Yes, here you go! Make sure to eat up because we have a lot of work today. Hurray!
Humans and cats are both living things. Eating lots of food, sleeping well, and working hard is super important!
Right. Us humans have got our work cut out for us. We really have been getting more customers... Looking back, things have changed a lot since we first opened.
I've never run a store of my own before, but word-of-mouth really is an incredible thing...
I recalled what the chairwoman told us this morning and gazed at both Makoto and Senpai's faces.
Word-of-mouth... Word spreads fast when there's a place that serves such great food, huh?
That was the only way to get your name out there, but word travels fast thanks to how accessible the Internet is, so it's the most effective method of advertising.
Yeah, word-of-mouth and the power of the Internet... I guess a single, "This place is really good" tweet counts as word-of-mouth.
Right, right, the power of the Internet. That also means any mistakes we make will have a much wider reach.
People will talk about it in the blink of an eye, so we have to be careful. The more they talk about us, the more exaggerated any bad reputation will be...
Ugh...
We should just stay on point and focus on baking cakes! Let's work hard today!
Let's do it! Time to work while we're surrounded by all sorts of tasty stuff!
With everything wrapped up nicely (?), we started preparing sweets for when the doors opened.
Now that our store was becoming the center of attention, we really needed to be more careful.
If anyone started gossiping about us, I'd like them to only spread good things.
