All right! Another day, another flood of customers. Busy, busy... We'll be in big trouble if we don't make enough food in advance!
We're on a roll, so let's take advantage of that. What we do going forward will determine whether we succeed or fail, so let's work hard. Haha...
Yeah. No point opening the doors on time if we don't have anything to sell. We've gotta make sure we're ready.
With that in mind, we began making cakes and sweets in preparation for when it was time to open the store.
Everyone seemed quite motivated after hearing the news of our store seeing more and more daily traffic.
Right, all good here... Next I'll... Hmm, right. While this cake is in the oven, I'll start prepping over there...
...Mm?
As I worked busily alongside Senpai and Makoto, I suddenly felt a stare on my back. 
Stare... Staaaaaaaare... Staaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaare...
Um...
A hot, moist gaze stabbed me repeatedly in the back. There was something fawning and adorable to it, though...
Cake! Ken-chan's cake...! I want to eat it... Cake...!
I can't eat the products, though... Stuff that's for sale are off-limits, uwah... But, cake...
Yeah, yeah. I made a separate cake just for you. Here, you can have it so long as you don't touch the merchandise...
R-Really?! Aaaah, I'm so happy. I'm digging in, mmm, nom!
H-Hey, you can take smaller bites, ahaha...
I'd made that cake specifically for this moment. Hina's eyes lit up like a Christmas tree when she snatched it away, and she took a rather sizable bite out of it.
Sh-Sho gooooood. Amhasing, amhasing, Ken-shan's keik reely ish the bhest...!
Heheheh, heheheh, delishus, sho happy! Omnonom, aaah! It's so good, I never want it to end...
It'sh the besht, om, nom, gulp, cake, Ken-chan's cake...
Hina had eaten the entire cake in three whole bites, and broke into a short, impromptu dance to express her joy.
Well, damn. If you like cakes that much, why not make them for yourself?
Isn't waiting for Kenta to bake you one all the time hard on you? 
Right, wasn't this why you enrolled in the Academy? 
You wanted to get better at making cakes... You're an incredible cook, but you're not really making any sweets, right?
Mmm! That's about right. I kinda came to the conclusion there aren't any cakes out there that are better than the ones Ken-chan makes...
Hina answered Makoto's astonished question in a serious, yet somewhat conflicted fashion.
...I see. While I agree Kenta is quite skilled, claiming no other cakes can rival his isn't something I can ignore.
Don't you agree, Korone-san? There's us, too...
Huh? I'm not really... I do think Kenta-kun's cakes are sublime...
But... 
Uh-oh...
This conversation quickly became awkward, and I found Makoto to be unyieldingly competitive. I considered interjecting before things got ugly.
...Well, anyway, I wonder if you'll be singing the same tune after trying the cakes Korone-san and I made. Here, try them. 
Oooh, can I eat those, too? Thank you! Let's try it... Omnomnomnom, mmm...
They're great! Koro-chan's and Mako-chan's cakes both taste delicious! 
Hina exclaimed, devouring the two shortcakes Makoto handed her in consecutive bites.
Well? I'm sure Kenta's cake was great, but what about ours...? 
Mmmm... In the end, Ken-chan's cake tastes better. There's this depth to the flavor... 
Ugh...
If I had to grade us, Mako-chan gets a 100, Koro-chan gets an 87, Ken-chan gets a 150, and I get an 82...
Nngh... Losing to Kenta stinks, but I guess it means I'm perfect if I got one hundred points...
Huh, my cake was rated higher than what you can make, Hinana-chan? That's surprising... and kind of embarrassing... Um...
One hundred and fifty points, huh? Ahaha. It feels like you're trying to butter me up here, but it was worth it if it made you that happy.
I wouldn't lie. Ken-chan's cake really is worth one hundred and fifty points! Haha...
True, Hina wasn't the type to flatter people. When it came to food, she'd never tell a lie.
Thinking of it that way made me really happy. That's the greatest honor a p｡tissier could get. 
