As promised... 
After the doors had opened for the day, I went out to the front and noticed we'd had quite a few customers already. 
Not only were all the seats taken, but there was a line of people waiting outside the store. I had been so focused on clearing out individual customers that I hadn't really noticed.
There were a lot of women diligently taking photos of our cakes and cats...
(I see, so that's what they meant... People who see the posts online will think, "The cakes look good and the cats are cute, so I wanna go there, too" and be our next customers...)
Female Student A
Ah, you can see his face. That's okay, right?! I'm gonna upload it!
Female Student B
What, his face is in the picture? C'mon, you can't do that without permission, ahaha...
Ah, um...
I turned around and faced a group of giggling schoolgirls who photographed something that was "part of the store."
Female Student A
Ah, he's looking at us! Hi there~
...
Female Student B
Eee! He waved at me!
I didn't quite know what was happening, but this group of shrieking schoolgirls waved at me enthusiastically and got even louder when I waved back.
Female Student A
Um, excuse me? Can we take a picture of you? I ended up taking one of you earlier by accident...
Female Student B
I'll edit out your face, but would you mind if we uploaded it? We really want to post about this store online...
Oh, uh, sure. You're free to take pictures of the store and our staff, but try not to trouble the other customers...
I wasn't used to this and felt quite anxious.
For now I gave them permission to take pictures of the staff and store so long as they didn't photograph other customers without their consent.
Aren't you popular, Kenta-kun? I guess a devoted, sincere, and serious guy like you can be more attractive than some gaudy pretty boy. 
Huh?
Someone called to me from outside my field of vision.
Nnng, mmmnnnmm... It really is good... So good, om... I can see why customers would flock to this shop when the stuff you serve is{W:700} this{W:0} good...
Oh, Madam Chairwoman... You snuck out of work and came in as a customer again to eat a parfait, didn't you?
Whoa, rude. I'm inspecting your work, boy. I'm your manager, after all. 
Aaah, it's so tasty. Parfaits are the best, as are cakes and ice cream... That whatchacallit, gelato? That's great, too... Heheh.
The chairwoman leaned back as she spoke, blatantly skipping work and happily munching away.
Oh right, by the way... The store's sales have been redonkulous because of the baller customer service and food quality...
But haven't a lot of these recent customers been coming here just for you? Like, ninety percent of the people in here are chicks, so...
Huh?
Just think about it. Most people tend to idolize the opposite sex, and when photos of our staff start poppin' up online, you'd be the one taking the role of the cute waiter!
We've been gettin' a loooot of questions about you from all over the place because of it. Like, "Is he a p｡tissier?" or "How old is he?" and so on.
R-Really...? That's surprising. That's never happened to me before...
I figured. You've been so focused on becoming a p｡tissier, like some kind of lonely samurai or something.
O-Oh... Right, I guess that makes sense, yeah... 
I could only muster that lame-sounding response.
I was uncertain of how to react, but I guess my presence was helping the store...?
Heheheh. That modest part of you is pretty charming, too! Stay focused and keep workin' hard, Kenta-kun!
For the prosperity of my store, and in the name of my profits... Heheheheheheh... 
