After our date ended, we stopped to rest on a nearby park bench on our way back to the dorms.
Uuuugh, it feels like my belly's gonna pop... I can't believe we checked out ten restaurants... 
Thank you for today. It doesn't feel like any of the stores lived up to their reputation, though...
I feel kind of bad... You went to the trouble of hanging out with me, and I...
Really? I thought all those places were great, and it gave me a bunch of great ideas. My stomach hurts from eating so much, though...
No! Those cakes are all wrong, so why, why are they so popular...
Your cakes are ten, no, twenty times better! There really is no other artisan out there that is better than you...!
...Thank you, Hina. It makes me really happy to hear you say that.
Despite my overwhelming embarrassment, Hina insistently clung to me and continued.
Well, um... Something has been bothering me for a while now, but I've finally made a decision!
Huh? What did you decide? 
Once summer vacation ends, I think I'll drop out of PochiTama!
Huh?! Wh-Why?! Ah, sorry for yelling, but isn't that a little too sudden?!
Without realizing it, I had grabbed Hina's shoulders and raised my voice in a panic.
Hina didn't seem especially bothered or surprised by my outburst, and replied in a calm manner.
Mmm! I enrolled here to see if I could learn how to make tasty cakes...
I thought if I could make cakes like yours, then I could eat as many of them as I wanted.
Buuuut, I don't think I have much talent for making sweets...
No, that's not true. Your sweets were good enough to get you into the Candidate Exam.
Thank you, but I never compromise when it comes to food...
After I tried your cakes, nothing else seemed to compare to that flavor, much less satisfy me...
We went through all those popular stores today, but none of them were as good as your cakes...
If they can't stand up to you, then there's no way I could! If I can't accomplish what I came here to do, there's no reason for me to stick around...
But dropping out is...
I'll give up on making sweets, and succeed in other ways... So I'll polish my cooking skills, which is what I do best!
I see... You've put a lot of thought into this, haven't you? You seem determined to go through with it...
Hina always tried her best, and had surprisingly been quite the chatterbox given how carefree and relaxed she looked.
She may be dropping out of school, but she wasn't giving up on cooking. Even if she did, Hina would still work hard on what she does best. That's most certainly a road she chose for herself...
I nodded in acceptance, which prompted Hina to smile and continue her explanation.
I'll go back home to hone my skills first, and then I'll go train in other stores just like you did...
And, this is the important part, now that I've realized no other sweet compares to yours, Ken-chan...
No other sweet can compare to mine...?
That means you're the only one who can satisfy me!
Is that what it means...? I guess when it comes to sweets, it does...
The more she praised me, the more my confidence wavered and I wondered, "Am I really that good?"
Even so, everything Hina said made me incredibly happy...
Um, so what I'm trying to say is, I'll die from starvation if you're not by my side when I'm hungry.
Starvation...? C'mon, now... 
And that's why... Ken-chan, will you marry me?!
...What? 
I appreciated everything Hina had said, but the conversation had quickly taken a left turn and I lost track of what was going on.
Hina peeked at my face as I stood there, frozen solid, and bowed her head politely.
Please, make sweets for me every single day! I promise I'll always cook for you, too!
You're the only one who can make the Ultimate Sweet for me, Ken-chan! I want to eat your sweets, every day from now on... 
Ah, but all this talk about marriage is a bit much, haha...
On the assumption we'll get married, will you go out with me? Let's be boyfriend and girlfriend.
Ah, and just so you know, I don't want to date you just because of your sweets, okay? 
I love you even more that I love sweets, Ken-chan... I'm true to my desires, and can honestly say when I want something.
Ahaha. I don't doubt that at all. You'd never deny yourself of anything.
I couldn't help but laugh at the spontaneity of this situation.
And as I did, I considered it. Being with Hina was fun and always put me in a good mood. That's why I always smile when she's around. 
Heheheh, Ken-chan... 
Hina would always love and appreciate my sweets more than anyone else in the world.
I loved seeing her smile. I wanted to always see that look she made when she praised my desserts...
But was that reason enough? No... I had it backwards. She was precious to me for that exact reason.
Ken-chan? Um... How about it? I'd love to hear an answer. 
She gazed upon me as I fell silent, a hint of anxiety in her smile. 
I decided to put my thoughts into words. 
Up until now, I only cared about making the Ultimate Sweet. I didn't have anything else to strive for or look forward to...
I still intend on making the Ultimate Sweet, but I also want to make desserts with my special someone... You, Hina.
I think that's a perfectly valid choice. After all, the Ultimate Sweet for you are the ones I make, right? 
In other words, I think I have the answer I've been looking for all this time... 
The Ultimate Sweet is the one that can make the person I love smile... Isn't that right, Hina?
Ken-chan... I-I'm so happy. So, you feel the same way? We'll get to be together forever and ever?
Hina clung to me and I pulled her into a tight embrace.
With this, the two of us officially became lovers. 
...Up until now, we'd had sex and went on a date. The one thing we hadn't done was put our feelings into words. Other than that, we were essentially lovers already.
