And so, time went by...
The exam soon ended and I was chosen as MVP. The competition was fierce, of course, but I was confident I would win.
Following that, a famous store overseas invited me to work for them. And so, I flew across the ocean to train for a few years.
Having returned to Japan as a skilled p｡tissier with management skills, I settled down and opened a small restaurant in Hokkaido.
Thanks to my robust menu, as well as the quality of food and desserts we served, my restaurant finally gained a three-star ranking and became one of the most famous shops in northern Japan.
The ones managing said shop was one indomitable young couple...
Heheh! Omomom, nomnomnom! Tasting the new products~! Taste-testing is important!
This is great! Pancakes with lots of tasty cream~! We even adjust the quantity depending on how large the party is.
Mmmmmm, nmnmnmnm, I'm melting! I can eat this nonstop, omnomnomnom, glp!
Did you choke on it? Here, have a drink... 
Heheheheh, thank you. I mean it was just so good, I couldn't stop...
She ate into that veritable tower of pancakes, topped with cream, with a pleased smile on her face. 
Her belly was big and round. 
It's my last month, after all. The baby's getting bigger and I'm now eating for two. Hehe~
Yeah, make sure to eat up. Just don't go overboard. 
Hina dropped out of PochiTama and trained to become a chef at her parents' restaurant while I worked abroad. 
We were apart for a few years, in what you'd call a long-distance relationship. Thanks to daily phone calls, video chats, and text messages, we reconfirmed our love all the time.
She came to meet me the moment I came back to Japan, and we spent several intimate nights together.
Hina came to visit me abroad a few times, and of course we tried the local foods. She'd often walk out with a smile and left each store owner baffled by her seemingly bottomless stomach.
After I finished my training and came back to Japan, I received financial help from some old friends and many "fans" of my work to open my own store, which was how we ended up in Hokkaido.
You may be wondering why I picked Hokkaido, and the answer was simple: Hokkaido had a lot of tasty foods. 
Since it had a lot of dairy farms and local agriculture, we could get fresh milk, eggs, and flour. That led me to opening my business here.
Omomom, nomnonomnom... Hey, Ken-chan, could you get me another one of these when I'm done?
It's so tasty, I can't possibly settle for just one! Let me have some more!
...You definitely went past the point of just taste-testing. What will I do with you, I swear... Ahahaha... Do you know how many people this one dish is supposed to feed?
The baby's probably going to be a total glutton like you... It looks like I've really got my work cut out for me, don't I...?
That's right! It'll probably want lots of milk, so I'll have to eat plenty after it's born, too!
And when the baby's big enough to eat food and sweets, hmmm...! I guess it'll be like having two of me? Ahaha... 
T-Two of you... Just keeping you two fed will exhaust our finances... 
I guess that's what I'm working hard for. We'll put this store on track, and maybe I'll get an apprentice and open a second store? Ahaha...
Wow~ So you'll be the teacher this time, huh? That's so cool.
I wonder if our baby will want to be a chef or p｡tissier when it grows up...? Maybe they'll end up being your apprentice? Heheheh... 
No way. If that happens, we're shipping him off to train in other famous stores. Yup, gotta be strict...
Wait, it's way too early to think about that! Ahaha... Whether it be a chef, p｡tissier, or something else entirely, this baby can do whatever it wants... Yup.
But, but... No matter what it aims to be, it's guaranteed to be a glutton! Hehehe...
When I smiled, so did Hina. When she smiled, so did I.
I want us to always make each other happy, just like this. Bake and eat yummy things together; to live together...
It was just two of us for now, but we would soon be adding a third. Our family may grow to four or five of us, but we'll always, always be happy.
That's what I wished for, and probably what Hina wished for as well. 
This is the one thing I know for sure_that we'd always be together. 
Okay, time to eat up! Om om om, nom nom nom, mmmmmm, it's so good! 
Your sweets are the best sweets in the world, Ken-chan! No, the best in the universe. Heheheh, om nom nom, mmm!
