Aaah... Good morning, gang... Huh, they're already gone... Uuu, mmm... 
Everyone else got up so early and were usually gone by the time I got up.
I walked into the dining hall a little later than intended, and it was pretty much deserted...
Omnonomnom, omomomom, mmmm, glp! Goob mernin, omomomom, nom nom@
Morning. I see you're stuffing your face, as usual.
Don't you know you can't fight on an empty stomach? It's like a battlefield the second those doors open! Mmm, om...
Help yourself, Ken-chan. Do you want some rice? Here, eat up. Omnomnom, so tasty...
As expected, Hina welcomed me with a huge bowl of rice in hand.
She ate with a satisfied, happy smile and seemed to be enjoying her food.
Hina appeared to be alone. I suppose everyone already finished eating and gone ahead without her so she could help herself to more food.
Sure, I'll have some, hmm... Oh, the rice looks great today. Everyone here are such great cooks...
Omnomnom, gulp... That's right, I've been looking forward to mealtimes even more recently. 
By the way, Ken-chan. Haven't you been getting along pretty well with Micchan lately? 
Hm?
Huh?
Oh, Michiyo-san... 
Micchan! Wait up, I wanted to talk to you about something!
Michiyo-san passed by the dining hall and stared at Hina wolfing down her food with amazement. Hina called out when she noticed her.
She remained still and directed her sharp glare in our direction.
Recently, the two of you... 
Hey, cut it out. She's right there. Don't you realize what you're doing?
Of course I do. I talked to Micchan about this earlier, too. I mentioned how you two were getting along.
Gah...!
Hey, stop that... Michiyo-san looks pissed. You shouldn't say anything weird to her!
This was bad. At this rate, Michiyo-san would flip out on us and then I'd be the one to suffer her wrath. I knew that much after having plenty of bitter experiences. 
You guys started getting along really well recently! I know, because I'm the one who helped mediate, remember? Hehehe.
Wh-What are you... Dummy, stop bringing that up!
Th-That's incorrect. You didn't mediate anything. Nekojou, what are you saying...?!
Michiyo-san and I both stepped forward at the same time, trying to put a stop to Hina's rambling.
In that case, let's do it together next time. Just the three of us. After all, the two of you are getting along now.
Huh? The three of us?
Do what...? 
Huh? When I say "do," I mean sex! Sex! We should have a threesome together, heheheh~
Pfft!
Huh?! A th-threesome?! What in damnation does that mean?! Wh-What's a threesome...?!
A-Are you stupid, what are you saying...?! No, what are you{W:700} thinking{W:0}?!
B-But, wait, sex...?! You mean, intercourse?! Are you suggesting the three of us have sex together?! 
U-Um, please stop saying that word... Other people might hear you... 
Meeeh, who cares if they hear? It's not a bad thing, after all.
We're just talking about the three of us having great sex and feeling good together.
Hiii...
No, don't! 
Threesome~!
No, dammit, I told you not to! 
Aaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!
Michiyo-san went into a flustered rage while I started to panic.
To be honest, a threesome with Hina and Michiyo-san was...{W:700} very{W:0} hot. I couldn't deny that I liked the possibility of it happening... At least, in the back of my mind.
Just the three of us...! We'd make out and fuck...!
Be quiet! Fill that mouth of yours with food and fall silent! I-I'll be going now. I leave pacifying her to you, Yanushi...!
Huh, no, erm, I don't really want to handle this alone, either... A-Anyway, just eat for now, Hina. Stuff yourself until you can't talk...!
Mmm! Omnomnom... Okay, I'll eat. Aah, talking just makes me hungry... Omomom, nomnom...
Phew... You're a good girl so long as you've got your mouth full. Guess we'll have to keep it occupied...
I managed to shut Hina up for the time being, and would need to keep her fed in order to maintain that silence.
Omnom, om, nom, omnom, so tasty... Om, mmm, glmp, mmmm...
Eat, keep eating, eat more... Eat, eat, eat...!
Calamity will befall us again when we run out of food. But, for now, I'll have to keep this monster fed...
