Let's do our best and make tasty sweets today!
You don't have to say it out loud.
No, I think putting it to words is important. It helps pump us up. 
Your inability to resolve yourself without verbal stimulus shows how inexperienced you are.
Well, say what you want, but I know I'm inexperienced.
I personally agree with Yanushi-kun's view.
They say there is power in language, and I believe words can have a great effect on people.
Yup, that! You can count on Hana to always have something smart to say.
It's nothing to compliment me over. 
It doesn't matter, either way. 
There's not much time left until we open. If you have time to chat, then perhaps you should learn from Inukai and work with your hands instead.
Hmm, did you call me?
It's nothing, pardon me for interrupting your concentration. 
Don't be, it's fine. 
Oh, that cake's looking good.
Of course it is. I made it!
I mean, that's true, but you can tell it's good with just a quick glance.
He's right. Your craftsmanship always takes me aback time and time again.
I second that. Inukai's creations always shine.
It's a bit embarrassing when you all praise me like that. 
You've got nothing to be ashamed of. Hold your head high.
That's right. Based on sales alone, it's obvious how much the customers appreciate your work.
I simply cannot yield the lead to you, though. I'm quite motivated now!
I think so, too.
You do?
Yeah, your work is always amazing. You impress me every time. 
You're so focused and everything looks perfect. Either way, it's pretty.
And that comes from your amazing sense of aesthetics. 
It's so cute and delicate. I'm really no match for a girl when it comes to that sort of thing.
I think your sweets are really cute and delicate, too. 
I'm glad you feel that way, but I do think there's a fundamental difference between boys and girls when it comes to this stuff.
It's not just you, but Hana, Michiyo-san, and all the girls from the Kitty Parlor, too. I'm amazed by all of your talents.
Your praise doesn't please me in the slightest.
I'm very happy to hear that, though.
Whatever the case, you're incredible, Nono. I guarantee that, so have some confidence.
I{W:700} am{W:0} confident, and I'll definitely get better than you one day, Onii-chan.
You say that, but it's not like I'm much better than you.
No one thinks that. 
You're the greatest culinary genius in the academy's history, after all.
There's no way that's true. I have to face my shortcomings every single day.
That's right, you're an amalgamation of inexperience, Yanushi. It's good that you're aware of that...
Ahaha... But really, it's true. 
I wouldn't have trained under all those stores if I{W:700} were{W:0} a culinary genius. I only did because I had so much to learn.
You're always so stoic.
It's nothing that cool. Everyone's just overestimating me.
That's enough, let's get back to work.
Right!
Nono, do you mind if we make a cake together? I'd love to see how you work close-up.
Huh? W-Well, if you went to the trouble of asking, I guess we can.
Thanks.
I don't think watching me will teach you anything...
That's not true. You can always learn something new when someone's taking their work seriously.
It's not like that... I'm just working off the way you used to make sweets when you were younger.
When I was younger?
When Onee-chan taught us and we made sweets together. 
You were amazing even back then, and I always wanted to be just like that. 
Even after moving to Paris, I've been chasing the you from my memories.
Ahaha. You've really glorified me in your memories, haven't you?
There's no possible way I was that good then compared to how you are now.
Maybe I was at first, but you internalized what I did and turned it into your own style.
Really?
Like I said before, you impress me each and every time I see your creations. It's clear how much effort you've put into honing your skills.
You really worked hard. I'm proud of you, Nono.
J-Jeez, I'm not a kid!
Oh, whoops. I patted you on the head out of habit...
Th-That's fine, but... 
But man, the two of us working together and making a cake... Now that's nostalgic. 
Yeah, it was fun back then. 
Baking cakes with you is still fun, even now.
You like being with me?
Of course I do. Why wouldn't I?
I see... Heheh. 
Yanushi-kun, could I have your advice on something?
Sure thing. 
See, about this? What do you think?
It's not bad, but what I'd do isｩ
Oh, I see. Yes, that certainly is an option. I knew I could count on you.
Could you help me a bit longer, if you don't mind?
Sure, no problem.
Hehe, I look forward to your teachings with bated breath.
(Grrrr! We had a great mood going, too!)
