What are you two doing? It's almost time to open the store.
I don't want to hear that from you, but...
Her concentration is amazing, and it's produced such cute results... I cannot look away!
Oh, Nono.
Such thorough workmanship. I can tell it's delicious, even without tasting it.
We've been working in the same kitchen since the exam started, but she never ceases to amaze me!
I hate to admit it, but she's a genius. Her sense of aesthetics surprises me more than her raw talent.
Watching her work so hard only motivates me more.
Makoto's troublesome on her own, but it seems I have yet another rival to surpass... This exam truly is an enriching experience!
We must give this exam everything we've got if we hope to keep up.
Right you are!
So they said, but it was nearly impossible to watch Nono and{W:700} not{W:0} be swept away.
I was impressed by the design she showed me yesterday, but it was still a complex sweet to make.
And yet, Nono had perfected it while simultaneously performing her other duties. She never compromised and worked all the subtle, delicate details into it.
She wasn't on Hana's level, but Nono was a genius with incredible talent.
I couldn't slack off, either. I had to keep up with her!
Oh, this is good! Become cuter! Woof, woof!
Hum... Hum hum hum hum, hummm, hum~
Nono's humming... She was really getting into it.
It would be apt to call her a "Master of Chic," but that's not what made Nono so amazing.
She always looked like she was having so much fun, and you could tell just how much she enjoyed making sweets.
Even so, she was far too focused to even consider approaching her... She saw nothing but the cake in front of her.
You couldn't help but admire her. Just watching her from the sidelines was teaching me so much.
Okay, that's it. It's finished.
Oh, you're done?
Ah, you were here, Onii-chan?
I've been working right next you for a while now.
Really? I didn't notice.
You were incredibly focused.
What do you think, then?
How do you think it turned out?
I think it's perfect, if I do say so myself. But I want to know what someone else thinks. 
You've got nothing to worry about. It looks perfect to me, too.
Really?
Yeah, I'm sure the customer will be happy, too. 
I'm so glad. If you think so, then it must be good.
It's finished? May I take a look?
Of course.
The finished product is truly a brilliant sight.
It's quite impressive. One cannot help but praise it.
Thank you very much. 
That customer is very fortunate to be able to celebrate with their friends with such a wonderful cake.
A special present for a special day, and a celebration with good friends. 
I would surely cherish such a wonderful day for the rest of my life.
Haah, I would love to receive such a wonderful cake as a surprise.
I want one, too. If anything, I'd really like to be the one{W:700} making{W:0} the cake that celebrates a special occasion.
To give someone a great cake they'll never forget. 
...Then make one. 
If I ever get the chance.
...
Why are you looking at me like that? 
No reason! Onii-chan, you nincompoop!
What did I do this time...?
Come, it's almost time to open. Let us steel ourselves for yet another day of work.
That goes without saying. 
I'll go unlock the front door. 
...Onii-chan, you nincompoop. 
