Thank you for your patronage. We look forward to your next visit. 
You've got a nice, clear voice today!
Like I said earlier, I'm full of energy.
Yeah, I can tell. I have to get fired up, too, just so I can keep up with you!
It's because of you that I feel this way, Nono.
Huh, why? Did I do something?
Well, like with the birthday cake thing. Seeing how hard you worked really got me motivated.
Really?
It was great! You put everything you had into it, and just looking at the cake gave me goosebumps.
W-Well, when I get serious, that kind of thing is a piece of cake.
It was amazing and surpassed what I'd expected from you.
I'll work hard so I don't fall behind!
No... You're exaggerating.
I'm really not. If anything, I'm not hyping up your genius enough!
P-Please stop. It's really embarrassing to be showered with compliments like that...
You've got nothing to be embarrassed about and should be proud of what you've accomplished!
I can't. I feel like I've still got a long way to go...
You just said it was a "piece of cake" earlier, though...
A-Anyway, I've still got a long way to go!
You're so talented, yet you're still not satisfied. Impressive!
J-Jeez... You're one to talk, Onii-chan!
I'm average and inexperienced. 
How can you say that? Don't you know what they call you? They say you're the greatest culinary genius in the academy's history!
I think that's just people being sarcastic.
What do you mean?
I mean, I rarely attended class because of my training, right? They are mocking me more than anything else.
...No, I don't think that's true. 
Nah, I think it is. Either way, even after all that training, I still can't make anything that fully satisfies me.
You just have ridiculously high standards...
But man, I really do want to make{W:700} something{W:0} to celebrate a special occasion, like a birthday...
...What do you want to make, exactly?
Maybe valentine chocolates. And, er...
A wedding cake...?
...
Mmm, what's wrong?
Hey, Onii-chan... Did you remember our promise?
Sorry... I've been trying really hard, but I can't remember what it was.
Right... Yeah... Okay...
Nono?
I guess it makes sense. You made it when we were little, so I can't expect you to remember. 
But{W:700} you{W:0} remember it.
I've never forgotten about it, not even for a second...
All the more reason for me to remember it, then. I can't ignore something that's so precious to you, Nono.
Onii-chan...
That said, remembering that special cake you made really got the creative juices flowing.
I feel like I can make all sorts of cool sweets now!
Then... Do you want to bake a cake with me?
It'll be like the study group we had with everyone before... But just the two of us?
Just us?
We'd be able to focus on our work if we're alone... Or is that a bad idea?
Not at all. I'm all for it, so let's form a study group together!
How about today after we close?
Sounds good.
See you later, then.
Okay! Time to switch gears and give it my all!
