Everything's locked up.
Let us head back for today, then.
Nice job today.
Good work, everyone.
All right, let's get this study group started!
Right!
Okay, I'm done!
Wow, that's the fifth one already. Did you make these up on your own?
Like I said before, the creative juices are flowing like crazy and I've still got plenty more ideas left in me.
You really are a genius, Onii-chan. 
That's not true; anyone could do this.
It's scary that you actually think that's true.
Scary? Why?
You don't appreciate how amazing your work actually is, and assume everyone can do this.
...My work is amazing? How, exactly?
The way you come up with one unique idea after another...
They're not the sort of thing most would think of, much less go out of their way to combine seemingly incompatible ingredients.
Additionally, these experimental dishes of yours look amazing and are really tasty.
They aren't that great, and I'm not fully satisfied with them.
There's that, too! Trying to catch up to your culinary genius is damn near impossible!
You're overestimating me. The way I see it, I'd much rather have your sense of style.
Don't sell yourself short, Onii-chan. I appreciate the compliment, but I've got a long way to go before I could ever catch up to you.
Even after you made something so incredible? I think you're underestimating yourself, Nono.
I'm evaluating myself objectively. If anything, I'm not being hard enough.
But my primary objective is so out of reach, I can't even see the finish line...
I feel the same way. 
Your dream is to make the Ultimate Sweet, right?
Yeah. I want to get to the point where anything I make beyond that pales in comparison.
It's no wonder you can't see the finish line, then. 
I mean, it's you. People look at your work and think it's perfect, but you're already ten steps ahead and trying to think of ways to improve it.
However, it's completely different for me since I have a tangible goal.
What is it?
That's... a secret. 
This is changing the subject a bit, but what do you wanna do in the future?
Huh? Th-The future? 
Like, do you want to run your own shop, or is there a store you want to work in?
O-Oh... That's what you meant. I was a little surprised. 
What did you think I meant? 
Ahaha... My future, huh? Mmm... I don't really know. Just working hard is good enough for me. 
What about you?
Not a clue! 
You're awfully proud about it. 
I've never really put much thought into my future, so that's why I asked you.
Right... With how talented you are, I'm sure you'll be fine no matter where you end up.
I could say the same about you. 
I hope so. 
All right. The sixth one is done.
Already? Overflowing with ideas or not, that was way too fast!
No, this time it's your idea. 
My idea?
Remember how you talked about making a cake with two distinct textures? 
Oh... So that's it?
I thought it was a good idea, so I tried to put my spin on it. 
That makes it a collaboration cake.
Collaboration... Yeah, that sounds about right.
Hehe... It's our group project.
Do you have any idea how late it is? 
Nee-san.
"Sensei."
Whoa, she's right... We completely lost track of time. 
Sorry, sorry. We were having too much fun studying together.
A study group...? Looks like you've made quite a few cakes.
I'm sure you're aware that these ingredients aren't free. You need to put them to good use.
Although, "disposing" of your sweets isn't a problem with with Nekojou around.
Hina would suck all these up in a heartbeat. Do you want to try any of them?
Don't you know eating after 9PM is bad for your health? Are you trying to make me fat, Yanushi?
Anyway, I'm obligated to taste it so long as I only have a small bite... As your teacher, of course.
Onee-chan, Onee-chan! We just finished making this special cake. Try it!
Aaah... No matter what, you two are never going to call me "Sensei," are you?
That's not true. It's just whatever comes to mind spur of the moment.
That's right. We'll always see you as our older sister. 
I swear, you two... Let's try it, then.
It does look quite good, and you said it was a special cake, right? Mm...
...How is it?
...
Onee-chan?
Hmm... The word "flawless" comes to mind. The walnuts are one thing, but I never expected the marshmallows under the chocolate.
The thickness of the chocolate, the walnuts' crunchiness, and the pillowy-soft marshmallows... All of these textures come together to form a fascinating dish.
It's quite flavorful, as well.
That's great. Nono came up with the idea. 
Oh, it was Shinono's idea?
Onii-chan's the one who made it. It was a collaborative effort.
I see. Two culinary geniuses working together would surely create something this delicious.
Now that I've tried it, make sure you clean everything up. Unless you intend to stay here until tomorrow morning?
All right, let's go wash the dishes.
Roger! 
I'll be taking my leave, then. 
Thank you, and good work today, Onee-chan.
How great was that? She praised us!
Mhm! I don't know what I would've done if she said it wasn't good...
I know what you mean. It's incredibly nerve-racking when Nee-san tries my sweets.
With me, I'm a nervous wreck whenever you try my sweets, Onii-chan.
Really? Have I ever criticized you that harshly?
That's not it...
What is it, then?
Nothing, forget it. I'm really happy we went through with this study group, though!
Mhm. It feels great to materialize all of my pent-up ideas. I'm still kind of excited. 
Me too... Doing good work is really satisfying.
Haha. Looks like we're in the same boat.
Yeah... We are. 
Hmm, Onii-chan...
What's wrong? Your face is all red. Are you that amped-up?
I can't go to sleep like this... My body's too excited. Help me calm it down... 
You mean...
Let's have sex. 
