...
Hey, what's wrong with you?
I'm mad at you, Onii-chan!
Why? Did I do something to piss you off? I can't think of anything I did. 
And that's what's pissing me off the most!
That's what... Can you explain?
You were going to teach Nekohana-san our recipe, right?!
That's what ticked you off? I see... Well, you were the one who came up with it, so I shouldn't go around and share it like that.
That's not it! You're a huge nincompoop!
What is it, then?
That cake's special! You can't teach it to other people!
...How is it different?
You nincompoop! Get a clue already!
...Sorry, I really don't understand. I'm sorry for trying to give your recipe to someone else. 
That cake is special to you, so I can tell you really cherish it. 
That's right! It's the cake I made with you, and a bunch of people said it was really good!
It's the most important cake I've ever made! 
...Are you saying it's special because you made it with me?
Now you get it?! Yes, that's right! That's what I've been saying!
I see. I understand, now. 
You're so clueless! You would've realized it sooner if you actually cared about me!
It's great that you're so nice to everyone, and I love that about you, but it hurts me sometimes, too...
I highly doubt anything I just said will actually get through to you, though!
How can I cheer you up?
Pay more attention to me! 
I thought I was giving you plenty of attention...
That's not enoughｩnot in the slightest! You should appreciate me more!
But I do. 
Because I'm like a little sister to you?
No... I wouldn't have sex with you if that was it.
How do you feel about me, then?
How...?
How{W:700} do{W:0} I feel about Nono?
She's definitely precious to me, and I'd started looking at Nono as a woman the day our relationship officially changed.
Was she important to me as someone of the opposite gender?
What did that even mean? Were my feelings for Nono and Senpai one and the same?
...No. I couldn't put my finger on why, but it's different from Senpai.
But{W:700} how{W:0} was it different? What was this anxiety I felt...?
I won't believe you if you say otherwise, because you can't even remember our promise!
But that's... 
Forget it! Onii-chan, you nincompoop!
W-Wait up!
