Thank you for your patronage. We look forward to seeing you again. 
Mhm. That was nice and cheerful! Guys really do things differently.
You think so?
You've got this infectious energy that makes me want to work hard, too.
You're always so cheerful and work really hard already, Senpai.
I meant working harder than usual. I've learned a lot from watching you on the job.
Not like I do anything special.
You might see it that way, but...
Huh? Did I do something?
You're so good at making sweets, and every move you make has a purpose. I can't help but be amazed when I look at you.
There's so much more I need to learn, but that only motivates me to work even harder.
Aaah, I wish I could be more like you. You're the kind of person I aspire to be.
I've still got a long way to go, too. Working with such amazing people from the start of the exam has made that fact painfully clear to me.
That naturally includes you as well, Senpai.
Me? There's nothing "amazing" about me.
I could say the same about myself. I don't feel like the culinary genius you all make me out to be.
With how flawed I am, I'm nowhere near the person I want to be.
Your standards are just too high. 
Still, I'm far from perfect. I have to keep working hard!
Why don't we study together, then? The cake you and Shinono-chan made was a product of your study session, right?
Maybe I can make something that good if we study together, too!
Nah, there's no way it'll be that easy! That cake was all thanks to Shinono-chan's sense of aesthetics.
Let's go for it! No, please, do this study group with me!
You sure...?
You really are amazing, Senpai! Working with you would be a dream come true.
R-Really?
I've traveled all over the country and worked with a lot of awesome people.
But that was just to learn how to make things that have already been made.
With how talented we are, I'm sure we can make something brand-new. I think that's really important!
So, please, let's do it!
I'd love to, of course. I'm the one who proposed it, after all. 
I'll see you after the shop closes, then.
Right!
