Nono saw me as a member of the opposite sex long before I thought of her as anything more than a little sister.
She cherished the promised we'd made all those years ago...
Nono really doesｩ
Kenta-kun, do you have a minute?
Yeah, the door's open. 
Excuse me. 
Is something wrong? It's kind of late for a chat. 
No, I just wanted to talk about something...
About what, exactly?
Er... Did you have fun on your date?
Yeah. I finally had a chance to have some fun.
O-Oh... Were you not having fun before?
I wouldn't say that, but... Was that what you wanted to talk about?
No, not really... There's something else. I'm sorry, I'm dropping this on you when you're tired...
That's okay. What is it? 
Er... How do I say this? I wanted to tell you how I felt.
Felt about what?
Y-You see, I... I like you, Kenta-kun.
Yes, I know. 
Th-That's right. I thought it was worth repeating just in case...
I really like you, Kenta-kun... I tried really hard for you to notice how I felt.
I put everything I had into it, and hoped that you'd feel the same way eventually...
But I should've been more assertive... Maybe giving it more time wasn't enough...
I can tell how desperate this looks, and I know I'm panicking, but this isn't easy...
Having all of this thrown at you is probably annoying, and I don't want to bother you, but... but...
Do you want to go out with me? Will you... be my boyfriend?! 
...Did I do something?
Huh? Do what?
I thought I'd done something to offend you without noticing, and you wanted to warn me about it...
No, no. That's not it at all! It's the opposite; I think you're doing great!
That sounds condescending coming from me, though...
That's not true. Please tell me if I'm doing something wrong!
I could say the same thing to you, Kenta-kun!
Then, what is it? ...Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to cut you off.
Oh, um. That's right...
Er...
Hm...
Is it that difficult to talk about?
I'm sorry, I'm keeping you up when you're tired...
I don't mind. I'll wait for you as long as you need, so take your time. We can wait and talk tomorrow if you want?
No, it's now or never! I actually wanted to tell you when you got back from your travels.
Really?
Mhm... I just couldn't work up the courage, but I can't leave things the way they are...
I feel like if I don't say it now, I probably never will.
I'll wait, then.
Thank you.
It's fine. I'd do anything for you.
...
...Um, you know...
Yes, what is it?
I, I-I-I-I-I actu... Eww, I stuttered! 
I'm not going anywhere, so there's no rush...
Haha... I'm a pretty pathetic Senpai, huh?
Age has nothing to do with this. 
If it makes someone as levelheaded as you panic, then it must be important.
You're so sweet, Kenta-kun... 
I'm just average. 
No, you're sweet. 
You know, Kenta, I really like you. 
Thanks, Senpai. I like you, too. 
...What kind of "like" do you mean, though?
I mean I like you as a person, of course!
Ahaha... That's what I thought. I knew that hoping for more wouldn't work with you, Kenta-kun.
I don't really get it, but did I disappoint you? I'm sorry!
No... In some ways, you did exactly what I expected. 
What did I do wrong? 
The love I feel for you is for someone of the opposite sex... The way a woman loves a man.
I want to hold your hand, hug you, and k-kiss you...
I know being approached like this all of a sudden must be troubling... I'm sorry. 
That's not it. I'm just... surprised.
I just don't understand. What would a wonderful girl like you find in me?
That's obvious. It's because you're a wonderful boy, Kenta-kun.
I appreciate you saying that, but I don't really think that's true...
I can name a bunch of stuff that makes you wonderful... That list would go on and on...
You were like a little brother to me at first... But the more time we spent together, the more I realized how wonderful you were.
I felt so happy every time I did, and my heart would beat like crazy...
It took me a while to realize what those feelings meant, but everything felt right when I did.
When that happened, I couldn't hold back. You were the only thing on my mind.
I love you, Kenta-kun... And when it comes to that, I won't lose to anyone else.
Senpai said she loved me.
She was shaking like a leaf and red up to her ears as she confessed to me.
I was over the moon to have a girl as lovely as her say something like that.
I never thought I'd be confessed to twice in the same day, but they weren't anything alike.
Nono's confession made my heart thunder wildly in my chest and I was truly, honestly happy.
Senpai's confession was different, though. I was definitely happy, but I felt bad for her more than anything else...
Even now, Nono was the only thing on my mind. 
Nono would be devastated if Senpai and I started dating. She'd probably cry...
And I didn't want that. I didn't want to do anything that would make her cry, and I always wanted to see her smile...
As thick as I was, I knew why I couldn't stop thinking about Nono...
Even though we grew up together, I no longer saw Nono as my sister.
I never would have had sex with her if I did, even if we got carried away.
Every inch of my heart sought Nono out. I wanted our relationship to change...
That's right... I've always loved Nono.
I'm sorry... I can't return your feelings, Senpai. I love Nono!
I... I see. You like Shinono-chan...
This may come at a bad time, but I finally understand how I feel. I really do love Nono.
I want to walk alongside her forever...
You're a wonderful girl, Senpai! I respect and like you a lot. But... I'm sorry.
Don't apologize... That's just how things are. It's not your fault. 
But...
If anything, I'm grateful for how honest you were about your feelings and that you didn't blow me off.
Ahaha, I got turned down. This is how my long, long one-sided love ends.
I think you two look great together, and I hope everything works out.
Senpai...
Let's call it good here. I'm sorry for showing up out of the blue like this...
Don't be. I really was happy...
Ahaha... You're really kind, Kenta-kun. 
That's not... 
I'll be off, then. Good night, Kenta-kun. 
Good night... See you tomorrow. 
Yeah, see you. 
I wanted to reciprocate Senpai's feelings, but there's only one of me... and I only had one heart. 
I had to settle this matter so Senpai's feelings wouldn't be for naught.
Now that I know how I felt, the only thing left to do was to act on it.
