Sorry, you must be tired. 
It's fine. I was still feeling pretty excited after our date anyway.
So, what did you want to talk about?
Senpai confessed and asked to go out with me earlier.
What, really?!
Yeah, I was surprised, too. 
No way... Are you here to tell me that you're going out with Nekohana-san now?
Not at all. I turned her down and told her I was in love with you.
Onii-chan?! Wh-What did you just say?!
I said I loved you. Is that bad?
It's not bad! Not at all! I'm just in disbelief... Am I dreaming...?
No, you're not. This is real. 
...No way. I can't believe this!
You don't believe me? I may not have realized it until today, but my feelings for you are real.
That's not what I meant. I'm really happy, but I just can't believe this is happening.
So you say, but it won't make it any less true.
Ever since you confessed_or rather, since we had sex_I've been thinking about what sort of presence you had in my life.
You're definitely special to me, but I didn't know to what extent...
When I remembered our promise, and heard how both you and Senpai felt about me...
All of those things helped me come to the conclusion that, yes, I love you.
You're the only person I want by my side.
I couldn't sit still when it finally hit me, so I had to talk to you.
Are you sure you want this? 
I want you. I don't want to think about anyone else.
I'm sorry for everything I put you through, but I won't lose my way ever again.
Yes... Yes...
Even if we part ways after the exam, I don't intend to let go of you. 
No, regardless of what happens, I'll definitely take you back.
And I'll keep that promise. This time, for sure.
Really? That means we'll have to get married...
Are you sure you won't regret it? We're still young, and who knows what might happen. 
No one can predict the future, but I am certain of one thing: I'll always love you.
It'll be a different story if you ever get tired of me, though.
Same here! Do you know how long it's been one-sided? My feelings won't change, no matter how many years pass.
I got into this industry because of you, after all.
It was hard being away from you... I started making sweets so I could feel like you were there with me...
You looked really happy when you made sweets, and I wanted to experience those same feelings.
I wanted to be part of your world and that motivated me to work even harder.
It's no coincidence that we attend the same school, since I enrolled in one of the branches in hopes that something would happen.
Being chosen as a candidate, coming to Japan, and meeting you again... That's nothing short of a miracle.
I thought God was cheering me on, and I couldn't blow this chance. 
You're my other half, Onii-chan. I can't lose you now.
My mind has been made up, and that will never change.
The only future I want is the one where I'm always smiling by your side! 
In that case, instead of being my cousin or little sister, will you be my girlfriend?
I already gave you my answer at the park. 
I want to hear it again, so please say it one more time.
Please, let me be your girlfriend... No, let me be your bride. 
I would love to. Put your life in my hands, and I'll give you everything that makes me who I am in return. 
Yes, I'll give you everything. I mean, I'm already so happy. I don't need anything else. 
Nono smiled at me with tears in her eyes. I wiped them away with the pad of my thumb and pulled her in for a kiss.
The first kiss we shared as lovers was the most stimulating, and most gentle kiss I had ever experienced. 
