That was fun! Thanks for hanging out with me today, Onii-chan. 
Thank you for inviting me. I had a great time because of you.
Did you have so much fun, you lost track of time?
For sure. I'll never forget the time we've spent together.
Onii-chan... 
Now that I think about it, we'd often play together all day, every day when we were little.
Yeah. Mom would always get mad at me and ask how long I was going to play outside, too.
Ahaha. Yeah, same here. Then Nee-san would cover for us every time.
That's true. She'd always take the blame and claim it was her way of keeping us entertained.
It was obviously our fault and she did nothing wrong.
They always did trust Onee-chan.
We caused Nee-san a lot of trouble. Even as a kid, I felt bad about it.
Even so, we'd play together outside all day, then do it all over again the next day.
Yeah, and Mom just gave up in the end.
I thought that those days would last forever... and that you and Nee-san would always be by my side.
Me too... That's why I bawled my eyes out when I heard we were moving to Paris.
I'm really sorry. You tried to cheer me up, but all I could do was cry.
That's fine. I would've started crying if you hadn't. I was really lonely...
You were lonely when you said goodbye to me?
Of course I was. Why wouldn't I have been? You're really special to me, Nono.
That's why I was so pissed for not being able to make you smile again. It was really frustrating to see how powerless I was.
It wasn't your fault, Onii-chan. 
It wasn't yours, either... Yeah, neither of us are to blame.
Mhm... No one was at fault there. That's why I never got angry, and all I could do was cry.
At the time, I wanted to tell you to smile no matter what... I didn't want the last time we saw each other to end in tears.
I put a lot of thought into how I could see you off with a smile, but failed miserably...  Before I knew it, it was your last day in Japan.
There was nothing I wouldn't do to make you smile...
Which was why I made you that promise at the airport... To see you smile, I vowed to grant one of your wishes.
That's when you said, "The next time we meet, you have to make our wedding cake."
Onii-chan, you remembered... 
That was the promise, right?
Yeah... That was it... Thank you for remembering... 
No, I'm sorry it took so long... I'm also sorry for not understanding what that promise meant at the time.
I thought you wanted me to make you a cake, and any deeper meaning to it was lost on me.
I was relieved to see you smile, but it didn't take me long to forget all about our promise...
That was a huge mistake. You held onto those precious feelings the entire time...
You wouldn't have been this upset with me for forgetting if you hadn't...
I know you made that promise for me, Onii-chan. 
It was a childish promise, and no one would've taken it seriously.
But it was important to me... My feelings haven't changed a bit since then.
I took it at face value and assumed you felt the same way I did...
It must've been so creepy and clingy... But... but...
I do love you, Onii-chan! I still want to marry you!
Once the exam ends, I'll have to go back to Paris and say goodbye to you again. 
Now's my only chance. I have to do everything I can to get you to love me.
Nono...
It's getting late. Let's go back. 
