Hehe...
You keep laughing. How many times has that been? Your face has been really relaxed since earlier, too.
I'm just really happy. You can't imagine how happy I am. I can't stop smiling!
Was the sex that good? 
Jeez, that's not what I meant! I'm happy I get to be your girlfriend! 
...The sex did feel unbelievably good, though.
Either way, I feel really giddy thinking about our bright future!
A bright future... Speaking of which, can we talk about the wedding cake for a bit?
Mhm. What's up?
I'm going to be very particular about it if I do this. I want to make a cake that I can proudly say is "perfect" and "ultimate."
I won't compromise on the cake that celebrates our new life together.
I'm still inexperienced, though. I don't think I'll be able to make one that can meet my standards...
I see. And?
Well... By improving my skills as an artisan, I'll be able to make the ultimate wedding cake that I'm satisfied with.
I don't know how long that'll take... But will you wait for me? 
Are you sure? Your standards are way too high, and I don't really see you ever being satisfied with something you make.
Until now, I was only working off a vague idea of what the "Ultimate Sweet" could be. But now...
I have a clear vision to work toward. All I have to do now is hone my skills in order to make it.
Besides, I want to get married, too. I'm determined to make a happy home for the both of us.
I want to get there as soon as possible. I'll work hard every day and meet each daily challenge in order to grasp that future.
I know it might be selfish of me to ask, but will you wait for me?
Hmmm... What should I do...?
I guess not, huh...?
Hehe, just kidding. Of course I will.
Really?
Our wedding might get delayed, but we're still lovers.
Like I said before, a bit of a wait will be a cake walk compared to how long I've waited to get to this point.
Besides, I wouldn't want you to get married until you've made a cake you're satisfied with.
Thank you. 
I do want kids, though. Make sure you finish it before we get old, okay?
Yeah, that's a promise. 
