My, my, my! Your chairwoman's impressed! Sales have been off the charts because of ya!
I really didn't expect it to be this successful. Why did we ever stop this great tradition?
You should ask yourself that question, and reflect on your past decisions. 
A-ny-way, it's straight-up amazin'!
Your reputation has gradually increased thanks to social media and blog coverage, and your growth over the last few days is nothing short of astounding.
Right? We're suddenly the hot, new thing! Business is a boomin' and I can't stop smilin'!
Thanks to that, we've gotten requests for TV and magazine interviews.
T-TV?! 
Yup, yup! They cover all the new and really popular shops!
Does that mean we're going to be on TV?!
Sure does!
Wow, that's amazing! My heart's beating like crazy.
Hehe! It seems my time in the spotlight has finally come!
I don't know about that, but this is undoubtedly a priceless opportunity.
Yeah. With all that media coverage, we should expect to see an even higher influx of customers pouring in.
Yup, yup! The academy's reputation will only skyrocket from there!
Hehehehe! The next fiscal year is in the bag for sure!
It's thanks to all of you. We were right to choose you as candidates, and you're our academy's pride and joy.
But that's just the tip of the iceberg!
Kenta-kun and Shinono-chan... have just been scouted!
S-Scouted?! 
This is a lot to take in all at once...
I understand how you feel, but it's all true. 
You two are amazing... 
Which establishment scouted them out?
Are you familiar with a place called "Lueur des ｦtoiles"?
Of course we'd know about the most famous p｡tisserie in Paris! Their p｡tissiers have won an award at the International Cooking Exhibition three years in a row!
Seriously?!
Yeah! People fly in from all over the world, and it's entirely normal for them to wait around for three hours to get one of their cakes!
That's amazing, but also incredibly scary.
Why would such an impressive store want these two, though?
Their representatives happened to be in Japan and heard about our academy.
We're still students, so why would a bigshot like that want anything to do with us?
They are very open-minded and believe age, sex, and race have nothing to do with making delicious food.
The rep was a super inquisitive person, so they had to come by and check out all the tasty desserts for themselves!
You probably didn't notice, but they came here as a customer the other day.
Oh, I do remember a foreigner coming over... Was that them?
I can't say, but he scouted you out after trying the collaboration cake you and Inukai made.
Knowing that the world's top pastry authority thinks so highly of you...
It's truly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. If you go for it, you'll surely grow as p｡tissiers.
However, your wishes are the most important factor here. Keep in mind, you won't be coming back for at least three years if you go.
This is super lucky for Shinono-chan, since she actually lives there!
You'll also be treated as a graduating alumni, so you have nothing to worry about.
Hehe, what do ya wanna do? You've always got the option to turn it down.
Of course I'll take it! 
Me, too!
Heh, you two look great.
In that case, I guess it's decided: you're our MVPs!
Really?! 
Yup, yup! For your prize, I grant ya the right to work at a famous p｡tisserie! Hurray!
Uh...
So you didn't prepare anything. 
She's piggybacking off them getting scouted...
We've chosen our MVPs, but the exam is still goin' strong! Keep up the great work until the very end, okay?
Quite right. Work hard today to give your customers the best service possible. This concludes our morning assembly. 
Right, right! Get to it, my little worker ants!
All right, let's get to work!
Yeah!
