Even after that unexpected development, we continued our exam. 
Just a short time ago, I couldn't even begin to fathom what my future would hold.
I lived only in the present and focused on finishing the cake in front of me.
Becoming lovers with Nono changed everything. I began marching toward my future.
And to become happier than I was now.
After the exam ended on a high note, Nono and I set off for Paris.
With the intention of stealing the flavor and techniques of the world's greatest p｡tisserie.
I soon learned how vast the world could be and how inexperienced I was in it.
Even so, I would use this as a learning opportunity. Me being incomplete just meant I had room to grow.
Learning new things was fun, and I always had a smiling Nono at my side. There couldn't be a more blessed environment out there.
I honed my skills and continued nurturing my relationship with Nono. Before I knew it, three years had gone by.
And thenｩ
I'm sorry for making you wait so long.
No, don't be. If anything, I'm surprised you finished it so fast.
Really? 
Everything's moved really fast after being one-sided for so long.
We've been living together for the last three years and were practically married already.
More like I've just been mooching off of you...
Even so, I felt like your bride every single day.
Are you not as excited about this, then?
What are you saying? Of course I am. 
I may have felt that way before, but now I'll actually be your wife starting today. Why wouldn't I be happy?
I've been waiting for so long. They say your first love never comes true, but that's wrong.
You are, and will always be, my one and only. Having you by my side is all I will ever need.
All sorts of things may happen to us after today, but I'll be there with you.
So, you're not allowed to hate me down the line, okay?
I swore my eternal love for you in front of God earlier. I could never hate you.
Just like you'll be by my side, I'll always be by yours.
No matter what lies ahead, we'll work through it together. I'm invincible so long as I have you.
I can only imagine the bright future we have ahead of us.
Let's work together to make that into a reality, then.
It'll be easy. We're the best, after all!
Ahaha, that's right. Piece of cake. 
You made quite an impressive wedding cake, by the way. I could tell how serious you were about it.
I channeled everything I learned into making it. In a way, it's my life's work.
It's the Ultimate Cake, then.
Only the best to welcome the best bride of all, am I right?
Onii-chan, thank you for keeping your promise.
I just did what comes natural. 
Let's cut the cake, then. 
It's our first job as a married couple.
Hey, Onii-chan... Thank you for choosing me. 
I could say the same. Thank you, and I love you.
Mhm. I love you, too.
When Nono smiled at me, I etched an eternal vow into my heart as I smiled back.
No matter what comes our way, I'll always protect that smile.
So long as she was smiling, I'd be invincible.
With Nono at my side, I'll keep pouring everything I had into making the Ultimate Cake.
