Hey, Hana?
...
I wanted to call out to her again, but I was simply at a loss for words.
The sight of Hana's face as she baked sweets left me utterly powerless to do so.
...
She looked so... earnest.
Hm? Oh, what is it?
Sorry, I was just a bit curious. 
You can head back to the dorms without me.
I'd feel bad leaving you here all alone... How's the cake coming along?
It's going well, but it's not good enough.
Huh...? Not good enough?
Yes... When I went to the Kitty Parlor earlier...
That's right. Hana had gone to "spy on her rival" during her break.
I tried some of the cake Makoto had made...
Oh... Was it good?
As much as it pains me to admit it...
Hana trailed off and nodded.
Just one bite gave me goosebumps... It was so good, I felt like I had been blasted off into space and was overlooking the Earth from afar...
That sounds like something you'd see in a food manga...
You... You don't understand how I feel, Yanushi-kun!
Her hands, which gripped the whisk tightly, shivered with emotion.
Dummy. Of course I'd know... That frustrating feeling of inadequacy when you come face-to-face with a flavor you can never hope to produce...
That's wrong!
I did not fail!
Huh? You said it was really good, though?
I'll admit to that much, but think about it! She is quite skilled, but me being able to give her such a fair assessment is only possible because I'm better than her!
Huh...?
B-But... Uh, it's not like Makoto isn't incapable of giving you honest praise, too... Mgh, mgh, mrgh...
Did you say something?
N-No... nothing... 
Shaking like a frightened animal, I shook my head. 
Would you be working this hard if you really believed that, though?
Yes... I intend to surpass her at all costs...
Hana's voice grew gloomy. In her heart of hearts, Hana knew her skill was still no match for Makoto.
Hana...
No. I really believe it's going well. It took a few tries, but I've pretty much gotten rid of all the cracks.
Due to Hana's short temper, her cakes sometimes cracked on the surface.
That's amazing! You improved so much in just a few hours. This is great progress!
Overcoming something like that was really impressive, and I was quite proud of her for it, but Hana shot me a sad smile.
Yes... But that's not enough to catch up to Makoto...
Hey, hey, I never took you for someone so weak-willed.
I hoped my arguably cruel words would only motivate her further.
Right! I won't give up! I'll definitely beat Makoto! 
Hana turned to me with her usual, unyielding expression.
Hahaha... In all seriousness, you're too fixated on beating Makoto...
I added with a somewhat wry smile on my face. Meanwhile, Hana's breathing grew rough.
Is that so wrong?! I can't let Makoto get ahead of me, no matter how trivial it may seem!
Wh-Why are you so...
But... You're supporting me more than her, right?
Th-That's not what I...
...I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be a bother, but...
Hana... 
I can't let Makoto get ahead of me, no matter how minor it might be... Even when it comes to... love...
...Huh?
Hm... Ahem, aaah. Phew...
Er... Um, Hana-san?
Hana ignored my bewilderment and took a few deep breaths...
And thenｩ
I'll make full use of this golden opportunity!
Whoosh...!
Hana suddenly snuggled up against me.
Wha...?! 
Wha... W-W-W-W-Wait a second...! Too close! Your face and body are just too close...! Your boobs are touching my arm, aaah...!
I've always... loved you. Ever since we met in Kyoto, and even now...
...?!
I'm different from Makoto in that I wasn't attracted to your skill as a p｡tissier. I was drawn to you as someone of the opposite sex.
I... I see... Thanks... 
Still perplexed, I barely managed to mouth that stupid response.
For starters, her confession was far too sudden!
That's when it hit me. Back when I was training under Nekonoya's master, or Makoto's father...
The girl from the Western confectionary across the street was always incredibly hospitable to me, and we become fast friends after she complimented one of my cakes.
She had such a light and refreshing disposition... If someone like her had fallen in love with me, then...
When you completed your training and left Kyoto, I was filled with regret... I wondered why I hadn't confessed to you sooner.
My mind had been made up for so long, and I was determined to tell you how I felt if we ever reunited.
But I didn't think I'd really... meet you again... 
...?!
My heart skipped a beat when Hana looked up at me with moist eyes.
I hadn't seen you in so long... My feelings for you have...
Whoosh... 
Hana's uniform fluttered to the floor...
Uhh... W-Wait up, Hana... 
My feelings... have become so...
Hana took her hand and mine and brought it to her exposed chest.
Squish...
Whaaaaaa...?!
Can you feel them?
Thump, thump...
Thump, thump, thump...
So hot... 
Those were the only words I could muster after touching Hana's breasts.
Yes... My feelings for you are about to burst...
Thump, thump, thump, thump...
You may think I'm a loose woman for this, but... Let's spend the night together, Yanushi-kun...!
Before I even realized it, I pulled Hana's shaking body into a tight embraceｩ
