Hmm... I've been thinking about this for a while now...
We were in the kitchen before the store opened...
And Michiyo-san suddenly addressed Hana while working on her amezaiku.
Do you and Nekodomari dislike each other?
I am merely trying to teach Makoto a lesson...!
Hana replied as she was preparing some whipped cream.
Exactly. I admire your desire to master the art of Western confectionery, but... The Kitty Parlor may be our rivals, but we are not enemies.
...
Do you hate Nekodomari?
I don't hate her, I just don't like her very much...
Oh, stop that, you two get along great.
...!
Eep!
I let out a pathetic-sounding cry when Hana shot me a sharp glare.
I won't let comments like those slide, Yanushi-kun!
Er-Erm, but weren't you two neighbors and childhood friends?
Well, yes... Even though it has a nice ring to it, we mostly tried to get rid of each other.
You say that, but you're always watching Makoto and trying to pick a fight with her.
I already told you it's not like that!
Makoto's just always right in front of me... I wouldn't associate myself with her if she weren't around...
When I was training at Nekonoya, you kept spying on us from your second-story window with your binoculars.
Shinono & Michiyo
Wha...?!
Th-That's...
S-Stalker...
I-It's not like that! I was merely keeping an eye on her!
For what?
I, well... thought Makoto got a new underling...
You mean... Yanushi...?
I believed she was plotting to defeat me... 
No way. Makoto never mentioned anything about "defeating you." Not to me, anyway.
W-Well, I realized soon after that you weren't a bad guy, Yanushi-kun. You've got nothing to worry about...
Not a bad guy... Perhaps you should rethink that.
H-Hey, what does that mean...?!
Um... What made you change your mind about Onii-chan, though?
Yanushi-kun randomly showed up at our store one day and bought a cake. He came by later to say thanks and said it was delicious...
People don't usually go back to the store just to say that. 
You believed him because he praised the cake he bought?
No. I actually thought it was some devious scheme to catch me off guard.
Whoa...
You're a very cautious person, aren't you...?
Of course I am! I assumed he was Makoto's underling, after all!
Ahaha...
Anyway, he accurately described all of the ingredients we used in our cake...
Which was when I realized that Yanushi-kun was quite familiar with Western confections! He was an ally to all Western p｡tissier!
So that's the reason...
We became fast friends after that, though.
Yes. I'll never forget how surprised I was the first time I tried one of your cakes, Yanushi-kun.
I see... 
Well, to backtrack, what's your relationship with Nekodomari?
She's a thorn in my side and an enemy I must defeat! 
I tried pacifying Hana, who spoke with a clenched fist.
You don't really have to defeat her.
I don't intend to step down from a challenge! Hmph!
You're baring your teeth like a piranha...
A piranha... Hana the Piranha... Aha, hahahahahaha!
Hey, it's not funny!
Ahaha, it's hilarious!
It most certainly isn't! 
Putting that topic aside for now...
Why did you bring it up in the first place, then?!
Well, you refuse to step down from a challenge, but has Makoto ever{W:700} actually{W:0} challenged you to anything?
The mere idea of Japanese and Western artisans joining forces is a challenge in and of itself!
...?!
Crack.
The amezaiku Michiyo-san was working on split in two. 
A Japanese confectionery artisan getting involved is... a challenge, you say...?
That woman... It's like she's trying to say anything I can do, she can do better! 
Aha... Ahahaha...
Eeek?!
When a dark, foreboding aura suddenly enveloped Michiyo-san, I quickly sprung into action.
H-Hey, would you look at the time! We should cut the chit-chat and get back to work!
Hana & Michiyo
Aaah...?!
I-I'm sorry... It seems I let the blood go to my head. 
Y-Yes, true... 
Let's hurry up, then!
We switched gears and quietly got back to work. 
Female Customer A
Of course, I'll have your Pudding Chantilly and G｡teau au Chocolat right over. 
Female Customer B
Excuse me, can we get two Beans Puppy blends and one cup of hot Darjeeling?
Of course. Two Beans Puppy blends and one hot Darjeeling it is, then. 
Male Customer
Oooh, Hana-chan. You're looking cute today, too!
Oh, you can't do that. You big tease~!
Hmm...
We were open for business...
And I couldn't help but voice my admiration for Hana's hard work.
Hana-san's so good at handling the customers... 
She did grow up in a Western confectionary, after all.
If only she could direct even a fraction of that affection toward Makoto...
I realized then that quite a bit of time had passed already.
Ah, Hana! I'll take over for you, so you can take a break.
Huh...? Has it been that long?
Hana replied with surprise as she checked the store's clock.
You were so focused on work, you lost track of time. It's important to take breaks, too, so you should go relax.
Yes, you're right... In that case, I'm off. 
Suddenly, Hana turned around and went toward...
Wait, what?
That's the exit! Is this some kind of prank?
It's no prank. I'm going to the Kitty Parlor.
No... If that's not it, then why?
It's reconnaissance. I'm off to scout and see if Makoto's slacking off... 
Hana gave me a quick bow and left the store.
Hahaha... They really do get along.
Do they, now...?
Would she be that obsessed with someone she hated?
Hmm... Is that right...?
