Female Customer A
Ah, we'd like a mango cheesecake and the soft chiffon cake. 
A mango cheesecake and a soft chiffon cake coming right up. 
Female Customer B
Understood, one Beans Puppy blend and one caff｢ latte.
Male Customer
Oooh, Hana-chan, you're looking smoking hot today, too!
Oh, you can't do that. You tease!
Hmm...
That day_
Michiyo-san couldn't help but sigh in admiration as she watched Hana working.
Hana-san's customer service skills have gotten so much better...
She's always been good at it.
I beg to differ.
What are you trying to say?
The pitch of her voice and the luster of her skin suggests something's happened recently.
Ba-thump!
My hand subconsciously gravitated toward my chest.
Did that "something" have anything to do with me or our relationship?
Aha! Maybe Hana-san got a boyfriend?
Twitch!
What's wrong, Yanushi? Does your stomach hurt?
N-No, nothing! Aren't you guys being too suspicious? 
You think so?
Feigning ignorance, I turned away from them.
There, see! 
I pointed to the laptop lying on the counter.
The website "Munch Log," a page that ranked gourmet restaurants based on Internet comments and reviews, was on the screen.
Yeah, I've heard about it.
Shinono glanced at the monitor. 
The on-screen header read, "PochiTama P｡tissier Academy's Top 10 Menu Items!" The number-one spot by a wide margin went to...
Inuta's La Fleur has been at the top spot for a while now. 
That's right. A cake Hana made was ranked quite highly compared to the rest of our menu.
If you knew, then it shouldn't be all that surprising that she's in a good mood.
I see... I suppose one's pride as both an artisan and a woman go hand in hand. That would explain her positive attitude.
Oh, right! 
Shinono clapped her hands together. 
I asked Hana-san about her La Fleur dish recently! 
Mm?
Whoa, that's amazing! 
Hmph... It's not that big a deal... 
It{W:700} is{W:0} a big deal! I want to make a cake like this, too! What's your secret?
Well... let's just say that it might be a little too soon for you, Inukai-san.
Soon...?
What gave me the inspiration for this was... love!
Love...? 
And not the sweet kind, but a bittersweet, adult sort of love! Coming to know that kind of love was what helped me make this cake!
Hmhm, an "adult kind of love"... 
Twitch...?!
What's wrong, Yanushi? Does your head hurt?
N-No, it's nothing! 
I replied, but continued to be driven to my wit's end.
Sure enough, Hana had come up with a cake right around the time we started dating...
Oooh, so Hana-san definitely has a boyfriend!
Shinono cried out innocently. Meanwhile, in my attempt to change topics, I noticed the clock.
Ah! R-Right! Nono! Hana should be going on her break soon, could you take over for her?
Sure!
After Shinono walked out to the front of the store, Hana returned to take her place in the kitchen.
I'm taking my break now!
Sure, good work! You've really been giving it your all lately.
Ohoho! It's not that big of a deal... If anything, the lack of a challenge is making me feel like I'm not working hard enough.
Hm?
It feels anticlimactic to have earned the top spot on Munch Log's leaderboard so easily. It seems I've defeated Makoto without even trying!
Hmm... You may have a firm grasp on the top position for now...
Ohoho! You're welcome to shower me with praise, Inuyama-san!
And then, Michiyo-san pressed the F5 key on the keyboard.
Oh...
...?! 
Hana rushed over after seeing the tense expression on Michiyo-san's face.
Huh? What is it?
I looked at the monitor. 
Hana & Kenta
...?! 
Our jaws dropped with surprise.
In that short amount of time, Hana had fallen to fourth place on the leaderboard and the dish that had taken her place was...
The Kitty Parlor's new dish, the "Sakuramochi - Chomeiji Edition"...? 
Like Hana's dish, it had taken first place by a large margin.
Makoto... You set me up, you little...!
I-Is it really Makoto's dish?
I don't doubt it, given the naming scheme.
I'm off, Yanushi-kun! 
Hana bolted out of the store.
It was obvious where she was headed.
D-Do you think it's okay to leave her like that?
I answered Nono's concern with my own steadfast reply.
We're not leaving her. See, she's motivated now. All we can really do now is cheer for her.
But... 
I've said this before, but Hana and Makoto aren't on bad terms. That's just how they push each other up.
