Hey, Hanaｩ
My mouth clamped shut the moment I entered the kitchen and caught sight of Hana's earnest figure.
...
...
Hana was focused on kneading dough and hadn't noticed me yet.
After peeking at the recipe, I realized it would take her about an hour to complete the dish.
I decided to go outside to kill time until she was done.
...
...
...
Hana, isn't it about time_
Oh, Yanushi-kun. Perfecting timing!
Unlike her earlier expression, Hana welcomed me into the kitchen with a bright smile.
There were two servings of the Sakuramochi sitting on the table. 
Here it is! The "Sakuramochi - Chomeiji Edition, Inuta Version." Help yourself!
Wha... Edition? Version? Uh...
I took a seat as I mumbled to myself.
Let's try it, then. 
Using a fork, I carried a bite-size piece of cake into my mouth.
Th-This is...?!
That single bite filled my mouth with an incredible, mellow sweetness...! Although not terribly bitter, the thick and savory flavor rushes through your senses!
D-Do I really have to hear that same speech again?
I... see...
Try this one, then. 
Hana pointed to the other cake. 
All right. 
As instructed, I took a bite out of the second cake.
Th-This is...?!
That single bite filled my mouth with an incredible, mellow sweetness...! Although not terribly bitter, the thick and savory flavor rushes through your senses!
No, um... Could you stop saying that?
Hana replied languidly, but I wasn't in a proper state of mind to notice.
It's... identical. The flavor is exactly the same.
I figured... 
That's incredible...! I can't tell which one was Makoto's or yours!
The flavor on this one was a bit weaker, though. You had to refrigerate it for a few hours, after all.
Yes, that's exactly right. 
Wow... You were able to create an exact replica of Makoto's cake in such a short time... That's amazing, Hana!
Yes... Thank you very much. 
For some reason, Hana's expression remained listless.
Makoto was generous enough to share her recipe with me, is all.
Huh...?
Hana would always snap at Makoto. 
But I always thought that, despite everything, they got along well.
I looked forward to the day where they would acknowledge each other's skills and work together. 
For whatever reason, Hana's words didn't spark joy within me.
Even from the beginning, I never knew her to be a stingy person...
Yes, sharing a recipe with me doesn't matter one way or another to her. 
N-No. Makoto did that because she acknowledges you in her own way...
I wanted to reassure her, but that happy-sounding response had lost all its vibrance when it met Hana's gloomy expression.
It's to be expected, I suppose...
You made that cake perfectly on your first try, right?
I just followed the recipe. Anyone with even a sliver of know-how could do it, or can learn in time with enough experience...
A sense of style is different, though. It can be polished, but only true culinary geniuses can surpass current standards.
And Makoto is... a genius, without a doubt.
Such an innovative cake... The idea of putting those ingredients together is something I could never have come up with.
And Makoto generously sharing that creativity with others is something someone like me, who's not a genius by any stretch, can never know...
...
I couldn't find the words to respond to Hana's pained monologue. 
She's a nasty woman. 
Huh?
She's a thorn in my side! Not only is she talented, but she tries really hard, too. It's not fair!
Y-Yeah, I get what you mean. Makoto's natural sense of style gives her a huge advantage. 
...
On top of that, watching her try so hard really gets me going too, you know?
...?!
Huh...? Wh-What is this...? Her eyes suddenly turned cold when she looked at me...
It "gets you going," Yanushi-kun?
Not like that! It was the first thing that came to mind, especially since I came to the store... and I'm surrounded by so many talented people every day...
Heheheh... 
It's strange, though... Coming from the "Greatest culinary genius in the academy's history"...
Huh? What? 
No, nothing. But... I think I feel a bit better now.
Huh? Why?
Heheh, heheheheh. 
Hana giggled adorably and glanced at my dumbfounded face with imaginary question marks floating over my head.
She had such a lovely smile. I wished she'd do that more often instead of getting mad...
Ah, um... You know...
I started to tell her what I wanted to say earlier, but couldn't quite find the words.
Makoto praised you, too. 
She... did?
Hana's amazing. 
Huh...?
I mean... she bowed her head to me. That's amazing.
Yeah, it is...
Being forthright about how good your rival's dish was, lowering your head, and asking for the recipe...
Not everyone could do something like that...
She's so proud and hates to lose...
That part of her terrifies me. She's really talented.
You think so?
Yes. She's no genius, but that talent matures with experience. No, if anything... maybe calling her an artisan would be more appropriate.
Makoto sees you as a threat in her own way. 
...!
Da...
Huh?
D-Dat... d-d-d-dummy...
Huh?
I asked, unable to make out what she said.
I... I said, Makoto's a dummy...!
Mahkodo... Rhwite... Mahkodo's a d-d-dummy...
Whoa... Her tsundere act is falling apart...
Hah?! Why are you annunciating your words and getting mad at me{W:700} now{W:0}?!
What did you say?! 
P-Please stop snarling at me. It's scary...
I... I'm doing no such thing!
I-I'm sorry... 
Whoa... Talk about putting my foot in my mouth. Hana ignored my suspicious conduct and turned back to the oven.
Inside, she was baking the cake we'd be putting up for sale tomorrow.
She seemed easily distracted, but Hana was the daughter of a Western confectionary and never slacked off.
Hana kept tomorrow's customers in mind, even when she slaved over replicating the cake Makoto had made.
Hehe... An artisan, she said... 
Hana whispered to herself as she stood in front of the oven. Even though she tried to hide her face, I could see her smiling.
That... sounds lovely, too...
She was apparently pleased with being acknowledged by Makoto.
Yanushi-kun. I may never be able to beat Makoto, no matter how much I try.
But... I'm not going to give up. If I work hard enough, maybe I will beat her someday. 
Hana... 
That will only happen if I keep struggling, though. There's a zero percent chance of that if I stop altogether. So long as I don't give up and keep challenging her...
Hana stood triumphantly.
I'm sure this artisan will someday be able to knock that genius' socks off!
You're so cool, Hana.
Huh...? 
I'm serious. Hana, you're so cool and handsome.
Y-You...
Huh?
Y-You d-d-dummy...
Haha. 
I laughed at the sight of Hana getting flustered again. 
Wh-Wh-What?! Y-Yanushi-gun... you... dummy!
Haha! You finally went soft on me!
Wh-What are you saying?!
I'm always...
Huh?
Hana looked up at me as I gestured stupidly.
I'm always soft around you. Can't you tell?!
W-Well... Um, yeah... 
I awkwardly scratched the tip of my nose and recalled my past experiences with Hana.
She always seemed grumpy around me...
And she'd run me ragged during our date, too...!
But, when that same Hana was in my bed...
My embarrassment skyrocketed at that last thought and I scratched my nose even harder.
I'll give it everything I've got and rise to every challenge...! The same is true for you, too, Yanushi-kun!
That's why...!
Zoom...!
My high-speed nose scratching stopped. 
I'll take a page out of Makoto's book, just like she'd done for me with the recipe... But if you find someone you love, I'll give you my blessing.
But, until that day, I'll keep moving forward!
Huh...?
U-Um... I said I'd give you my blessing, but... only if it's not Makoto!
Huh...?
Th-That should be obvious!
Having said her piece, Hana turned around and began preparing to go back to the dorm.
Hahaha...
After cleaning up, we changed out of our uniforms and headed back to the store.
Hana, who had been waiting for my return, had a flushed face and appeared to be in a good mood after our earlier discussion.
She looked incredibly precious to me in that moment, and I subconsciously reached out for her.
Hana...!
Then, I pulled Hana into a tight embrace.
Yanushi-kun... 
Hana looked up at me.
Her eyes fluttered shut as she stood on her tiptoes and leaned in for a kiss.
Muah...
Mmm...
Hana's lips would often part, thus bearing her teeth, but a now hot, passionate breath escaped them.
Mmm... Haahn... Mmmph...!
Then, she assertively thrust her tongue between our locked lips.
Mmgh... Mm... Muah, mmpch... Muaaah...
As she sighed passionately into the air, our tongues entwined and produced wet, obscene noises between us.
Mmm... Mmm... Muah... Muaaaa...!
Hana's tongue greedily coiled around mine and secreted saliva, prompting her to stir and lap at it as it foamed in our mouths.
Mmg... Muah... Mmmgh... Muuuuuuha... 
Mm... Haa...
Our lips finally parted and Hana took a satisfied breath.
Yanushi-kun...?
Hana whispered to me, appearing intoxicated.
Her pupils were dilated, and her gaze seemed unfocused. 
Mm... So hot...
With that said, she started to disrobe.
Wha...! Hana...?!
Hana regarded my flustered confusion with an amused glance. 
Mmgh... My body is on fire... What about you...?
I, um... Yeah, it's hot.
Hehe... In that case...
Hana's hand found its way to my crotch and the zipper of my pants.
...?!
Before I could process what was happening, Hana pulled the zipper down and reached for my exposed underwear.
Rustle!
Wow...!
Hana squealed happily at the sight of the rock-hard erection that sprung out before her eyes.
