...
...
...
After finishing her work, Hana locked herself away in the kitchen.
I'm off, then. 
Sure, good work. 
Having changed out of her uniform, Shinono was getting ready to head back to the dorms when she noticed the kitchen.
Hm? Oh, is Hana-san still...?
Her enthusiasm was admirable, but she's working herself into the ground. I realized falling to fourth place was disheartening, but...
...!
Twitch.
A shiver ran through Hana's body.
Oh, now that you mention it, why did she fall to fourth place all of a sudden?
...!
Twitch! 
Another shiver ran through Hana's body.
The Kitty Parlor had already taken the second and third place spots, but people were still ranking their older items after Makoto made that new cake.
Wow. Was Nekodomari-san's cake really that good, Hana-san?
....!
Twitch...!
Hmph! I-It wasn't anything too special. 
I wanted to try it, but it was sold out before I could...
Hana silently placed a plate in front of Shinono.
Huh? Is this...?
Sitting on that plate was the very same cake that had taken the top spot on the Munch Log leaderboard.
The pink roll cake was wrapped, in what looked like, a thin layer of green sheet cake. It reminded me of Sakuramochi.
But how? Wasn't it sold out?
Hehe... It's nothing special. I stood in line a few times during my break.
Huh? But I thought they had to limit it to one per customer with how popular it was...
Yes, she had the nerve to add a purchase restriction, but thanks to my skills as a Master of Disguise...
Kenta & Shinono & Michiyo
M-Master of Disguise?!
Do you mean that fake mustache...?
And those thick, blatantly fake-looking glasses...?
Wouldn't wearing that get you arrested...?
Hana ignored us and continued.
Enemy recon went perfectly because of it! Why don't you try it and tell me what you think, Inuyama-san and Yanushi-kun?
With that said, Hana presented each of us with a share of Makoto's cake.
Let's see, then.
Allow me to partake in it. 
Bon appetit! 
And so, we all brought the cake to our mouths...
Kenta & Shinono & Michiyo
Th-This is...?!
Aaah...! 
That single bite filled my mouth with an incredible, mellow sweetness...! Although not terribly bitter, the thick and savory flavor rushes through your senses!
Ah... Aaaaah...!
An amezaiku artisan never compromises when it comes to sugary treats... However, this soft, gentle, yet somehow bold sweetness is simply...
Is this... Sakuramochi?!
Yes. 
I see! There's a popular type of Sakuramochi in the Kanto region known as "Chomeiji," and they cover the dough with baked red bean paste. It's also the name of a Buddhist temple. 
This Chomeiji Sakuramochi had that much of a Japanese influence?
She used red bean paste on a sponge cake to make a rouleaux, or a roll cake.
That explains the leaves.
Leaves... Wait, this is a leaf cake?
The pink insides were surrounded by another spongy green cake.
Sakuramochi is usually pickled and salty...
That's something a lesser craftsman would ignore when incorporating Sakuramochi into a cake, but Makoto is a culinary genius.
Sakuramochi leaves have a very peculiar scent and distinctive flavor. Whether one chooses to eat or discard the leaf is up to personal preference.
Huh. I always leave it, personally. 
Makoto kneaded the leaves' saltiness into the cake sal｣, or a salt cake, wrapped it around the main cake to maintain the Sakuramochi theme, and created a brand-new Western sweet.
She was able to replicate the optional leaf mechanic into the dish.
This is... a perfect compromise between Japanese and Western cuisine...
No... This isn't something as negative as a compromise. 
This dish... rejects both Japanese and Western confectionery practices to achieve a higher order of unity. It brings out the best of both worlds... an aufheben!
Hmph. You all seem to be giving it rave reviews...
Hana snorted at us, visibly unhappy. 
Huh? You also think it's good, right?
Well, yes. As infuriating as it is to admit, it's several times better than my cake.
I gotta admit, I'm interested in Makoto's techniques now.
...!
Ah...?!
I screeched in terror. 
Et tu... Yanushi-kun...?
Sh-Should I not have said that...?
Are you... interested in Makoto?
N-No! I'm only interested in her techniques!
What kind of techinques do you mean?! 
What do you mean, "What kind"? Cake-making techniques, of course!
Don't you think there's something kind of dirty about the word "Techniques"?
Given his usual demeanor, it's only natural others would misunderstand.
Isn't anyone on my side here?! 
And so, I finished the day off by prostrating myself in front of Hana over false accusations...
