...
...
...
That night_
I hummed to myself as I walked into the dining hall, carrying a tray loaded with my dinner and a side of fried chicken.
I headed for the table, intent on eating my fill, when...
...
Makoto was already there ahead of me. 
...
I sat across from her and watched as she poked some grilled fish with her utensils.
You're having a late dinner, too?
No... Today was kinda crazy, what with the TV crew and all... I considered going to bed without dinner.
Right... 
...
...Thanks, Makoto. 
Huh?
It might be weird for me to thank you, but it made Hana feel better knowing you were evaluating her work.
Had I ever let on that I{W:700} wasn't{W:0} evaluating her?
Makoto mumbled under her breath and cut into her grilled fish with her chopsticks.
You did...?
I've never once judged her unfairly. Hana is excellent, if dumb. I keep telling her that. 
Dumb, huh...?
She always picks fights with me. No matter what I do, Hana uses that as an excuse to challenge me.
She sees you as her rival, though.
Hana's incredibly talented, but she only utilizes that talent to try and beat me.
She only sees that small goal ahead of her, and can't think about anything beyond that.
They say you should "take things step by step," but she's only making baby steps.
She's so fixated on me, she's cutting into her true potential. If Hana focused her efforts elsewhere, then...
Makoto looked frustrated, somehow. 
Well... That just shows how much you mean to her. If anything, you are anything but a "small goal" to her.
That's why she's dumb.
Huh?
I enrolled in PochiTama and started learning Western confectionery, yet she's been doing it for as long as she can remember and should be better at it than me.
So, in other words, neither of them realized how highly they regarded one another.
She really is dumb! Haa...
Ahaha... 
I found myself sighing in an exaggerated fashion. 
What? Did I say something strange?
Nah... I just thought you and Hana both react the same way. 
How so...?
When you praised her, Hana went off on an angry tangent, too.
...
You really do like her. 
I told her point-blank.
If it were Hana, she'd go red in the face and deny it. However, Makoto just looked away and mumbled to herself.
If I hated her, I would've cut ties a long time ago...
Yeah... That's right. 
My expression softened and I couldn't help but smile.
As always, Hana is all you ever talk about...
Makoto added in an almost accusatory fashion.
Huh...?
Kenta? I'll take this chance to tell you. 
Makoto formally replied after finishing her meal.
There might not be any place for me in your heart anymore... But I'm not giving up. 
Huh? What...?
I won't give up, even if my chances are slim. So...
Pick me... and I'll be able to take you to heights Hana could never dream of.
Makoto professed and attempted to hide her embarrassment.
Makoto... 
Won't you let me take you there...?
Th-That's... 
I stammered, stopping my chopsticks in mid-air.
And then, Makoto gave a small smile. 
I won't ask you for an answer right away. But... keep what I said in mind...
I-I'll be off, then. 
Leaving those words behind, Makoto left the dining hall.
...
She just... confessed to me, didn't she?
Almost like she'd switched places with Hana, Makoto saw her as a rival in love and confessed her feelings to me.
But how should I answer those feelings...?
Pick me... and I'll be able to take you to heights Hana could never dream of.
Won't you let me take you there...?
Was that true?
Makoto was a genius, and her sense of aesthetics was the real deal.
We could certainly push and inspire each other. However, that's not the only way to push someone to new heights...
For example: Hana's motivated by competition. That's probably why she didn't mesh well with Makoto.
But, then, what about me?
???
Yanushi-kun?
Hana... What would you say to me, right here and now...?
???
Yanushi-kun?!
Ahaha... I must be losing it. I can hear Hana's voice...
...Wait, why are you you here?! 
What? You kept saying my name, and now you're treating me like I'm some sort of ghost?
Huh? What? You're the real thing...
Well, excuse me... You weren't in your room, so I came looking for you. 
Right... But, why?
Since we have tomorrow off, I thought I could invite you on a... um, a date...
Hana replied and looked away shyly in an attempt to hide her embarrassment.
I see... 
All right. I'll worry about stuff later.
I've got nothing to do tomorrow, so I'm all yours for the whole day.
Huh...? Oh, um... Ohohoh! Very well, then tomorrow I will allow you to escort me for the whole day! Ohohohoh!
Ahaha...
Hana really takes heart the moment she won something, doesn't she...?
Anyway, spending the day with Hana sounded like a good time to me.
So... I'm sorry, Makoto.
