Welcome to Beans Puppy!
Woof!
Thank you for waiting. Here you are, two Beans Puppy blends and one oolong tea.
Hello, may I take your order?
Yes, so you ordered the crunchy walnut mont blanc and the raspberry flan. I'll have it right over.
Standing before the camera, Hana cheerfully served the customers... Or rather, the extras in the shooting. 
They initially filmed the exterior, and then of Hana and Romeo greeting a "customer" as they walked inside.
Without going back to the kitchen, we watched Hana being recorded from afar.
Mmm, flawless customer service. 
I'd be too shy to do something like that if it were me. Hana-san hasn't missed a beat...
Yes, you'd likely stutter once or twice, Inukai.
So rude! I wouldn't trip over saying "Crunchy wailnut mont black!"
You just did...
That's what Hana does best. Even if she's got something on her mind, she always puts the store and baking above everything else.
That's our Hana-san! 
She looks good doing it, too.
Yuuko
Wooow, that was so tasty! The doggie was cute, but I can't get over how cute of a waitress you are, Hana-san!
Hehe! Flattery will get you nowhere.
Yuuko
I really do need something from you, though. I've heard about the store special, and was wondering if you could make it?
Yes, as you wish.
Here it is... Please, help yourself to Beans Puppy's newest dessert: The La Fleur Deuxi｢me.
The shooting reached its climax. Today's main dish, the La Fleur Deuxi｢me, was presented before the female idol.
The La Fleur Deuxi｢me... The improved version of the popular La Fleur was a cute cake in the shape of a flower. 
She hesitantly cut into the pastry, as if afraid to ruin its shape, and carried a forkful to her mouth.
How is it?
Hana anxiously asked the reporter for her impression.
But she remained silent. After tasting the cake, the woman smiled broadly... and that was it.
Yuuko
It's really, really good! I can't believe someone so young made such an amazing cake!
Yuuko
I give it five stars, that's for sure! As it's creator, I'll give you one of our show's tote bags, Hana-san!
Th-Thank you very much... 
Even Hana seemed overwhelmed by the gesture.
I-Is that...?
Yuukorin gives restaurants that souvenir when they are ranked five stars! It's priceless!
Hm-Hm-Hmph! Hmph hmph! 
Hana stood in front of the camera...
...and tried to maintain a poker face, but she couldn't hold back a grin.
And, as always, she bore her teeth in a hearty smile.
"Priceless" tote bag aside, getting rated five stars made Hana incredibly happy.
And so, the shooting ended...
Come again whenever, Yuuko-chan! Aw, she's gone... Do you think she'll come back...?
I don't see why not? She'll probably come on her own, especially now that she's had Hana's cake.
Yes, I believe that smile was genuine.
Of course she is. It was{W:700} my{W:0} cake we're talking about here.
Hana crossed her arms and scoffed indignantly.
...
However, Hana's expression grew sullen.
I hope she wasn't still worked up over what had happened this morning.
And just when I considered calling out to her...
...?!
...!
Hana turned a sharp, aggressive glare toward Makoto upon her arrival.
W-Welcome... 
What's the matter, Nekodomari-san?
Nothing in particular... I just went out on my break. 
No... I don't think that's what she's asking...
And as we spoke...
Welcome. What can I get you?
Hana greeted Makoto with a sour face.
Could I try the La Fleur Deuxi｢me?
...?!
Hana stiffened for a moment... 
O-Of course... one La Fleur Deuxi｢me...
Handling her rationally, Hana turned around and headed for the kitchen.
Wh-What is she up to...?! 
...
It was almost dangerous how badly Hana was shaking as she prepared a plate for Makoto.
H-Hey, Hana... You want me to do it?
I-It's fine! I-I'll bring it to her...! 
With that, Hana picked up the plate and carried it away with clattering noises trailing behind her.
What's her deal? She ordered my dessert...?!
Huh? That's what's bothering her? 
I mean... She's scoping us out. 
I thought that much was obvious, but Hana was unconvinced.
S-So, what you are saying is... She's getting back at me for what I always do to her...? Is this some kind of harassment? 
No. You're making a big deal out of nothing...
Huh...? Wait... Does this mean Makoto may have seen through my disguise when I went to spy on her...?!
No, she absolutely knew it was you from the get-go...
You really need to calm down, Hana...
I... I know that. I'll try... t-to calm down, then...
This is no good. 
Hana dismissed my worries and carried the plate out of the kitchen, clattering noises and all.
Thank you... for waiting...
...
Makoto rotated the plate Hana put in front of her and scrutinized the dish.
...!
Hana watched with bated breath.
...
Then, she tasted the cake with a serene look on her face.
...
...
Makoto seemed to be judging it carefully and thoroughly. 
...
She tasted it with a blank, indescribable expression... 
Thank you. 
She'd finished eating the whole thing.
And when Makoto stood up...
Huh? Err... Erm... 
Huh? Aaah... Y-Yes, that would be 550 yen! 
Nekodomari... Can I ask you something?
What is it? 
How was Inuta's cake...? 
Right...
If I had to sum it up, I'd call it "An unoriginal flavor."
...?! 
With that, Makoto left the store.
...
H-Hey, Hana...? 
...
I called out to her, but no response.
I'm fine, forget that... I'll just... 
Hana wobbled off toward the exit.
H-Hey! Wait up! 
Afraid to leave her alone, I took off after her.
...
...
...
I had lost sight of Hana and walked around in a desperate attempt to find her.
Eventually, I found myself standing in front of her dorm room.
Hana?
If you're there, say something! 
I'm coming in, all right? 
I turned the doorknob and walked inside.
Hana lay sprawled out on the bed with the lights off. 
Hey, Hana...? 
That's when I noticed it...
What's this...? 
Something odd was spread out in tatters along the carpet.
I picked up the hard pieces of cloth, and found letters printed across them...
Uh, cacy... Neer...?
...Wait, is this the totebag you got from "Delicacy Pioneer"?! 
Nnng... Be quiet... 
Hana grunted at me, still lying face down.
Don't tell me you... You just got this!
I don't need it... 
You don't?
Don't you know? Tote Bags were originally made to carry ice. I've never had to carry ice, so I don't need it.
That's, uhh, some logic you've got there...
Forget it. Just go back to the store.
No... 
Hana was being reckless and standoffish. This wasn't like her. 
She might cry when she gets depressed, throw a tantrum, or just be needlessly anxious about things... But this nasty reaction was much, much worse than all of that.
But... I had no idea what to say that could possibly cheer her up.
It was like Makoto was the only thing on her mind right now. 
She was practically the center of Hana's world, and there was no room for me to come in. It... made me feel kind of jealous.
We've gone out on dates, and even made love, but it felt like she was a million miles away.
What should I say to Hana at a time like this...? 
Huh...? 
I looked at my phone and noticed the message Nono had sent me.
"Onii-chan, it's an emergency! >____< Check out Munch Log!!!"
Mm..?
I navigated to the website and discovered La Fleur Deuxieme had taken first place in "PochiTama P｡tissier Academy's Top 10 Menu Items!"
The "emergency," as Nono phrased it, was the review a user had left above it...
"A simple, conventional flavor ｩ Nekodomari Makoto. 10/10."
M-Makoto...?!
Yes, Makoto had given Hana's cake an overwhelmingly positive review.
Makoto...?!
Hana jumped up with a start.
Wh-What... is this..?! 
Hana snatched my phone from my hand.
H-Hey, you've got your own phone, don't take mine!
Hana ignored me and fixed her gaze on the cell phone screen.
...Haa... Haaa...
Moans that didn't sound anything like any language I knew escaped Hana's lips. 
But I probably couldn't fault her for it. 
The review Makoto had left said:
"A calming flavor anyone could eat, made perfectly and flawlessly..."
"Through traditional cake-making techniques, the artisan's impressive skills allowed them to faithfully reproduce this cake without deviating from the original framework."
It was a rave review. 
For how quiet Makoto usually was, she was quite verbose when it came to reviewing Hana's cake online.
Makoto... really did understand Hana...!
Makoto...
She... 
Oo...
D-Don't make a fool out of me!
Huh? Wha? Huuuuh?!
Wait... Isn't this where you're supposed to be really moved...?!
Hana sat up sharply. 
Her expression carried the typical, fiery passion I'd come to expect from Hana.
And, just like that, she was out the door!
H-Hey, wait up, Hana!
I chased after Hana and held my breath at the surprising sight before me.
...!
...
Makoto and Hana were, once again, quietly facing off.
Wh-Why are you here...?!
That's a silly question. I finished work and came back here. 
I see... I saw this. 
Hana flashed the screen toward Makoto and revealed the Munch Log website.
Um, that's actually... Uh, my phone... 
She ignored me and continued speaking.
I appreciate what you said, but... it's different from what you said earlier.
Earlier? 
Yeah, what you said before! About it having an "unoriginal flavor."
True... I did say that, but I didn't mean it in a bad way. 
What...?
It may have an "unoriginal flavor," but it's simple and conventional.
...?! 
A traditional taste everyone knows, but the flavor was simultaneously superior.
Superior... flavor...?
You may see yourself as my rival, but that line of thinking is pointless.
Pointless...? Are you trying to say I'll never beat you...? 
Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. 
...!!!
Same as how I can never beat you.
...Huh?
We want different things, so I don't see any reason for us to compete against each other.
I rack my brain every day to create new, innovative dishes that will surprise everyone. But, that's not what it's like for you, is it?
Th-That's... 
Since we have different goals in life, you winning or losing against me won't have any real meaning.
I don't want you to lose sight of your{W:700} real{W:0} goals because you're obsessing over me. I want you to reach your highest potential.
Makoto... 
I mean, just look at how quickly you've honed your skills in such a short time.
Huh...?
Hana's expression was washed over with confusion.
Honed my skills...? How can you tell?
Are you trying to make me look bad, Hana? Of course I'd be able to tell how much you've improved. I've tried everything you've ever made.
You... have? You've... taste-tasted... my cakes?
I'm shocked. What made you think I didn't?
Huh? Uh...
Now that I thought about it... Hana considered Makoto to be her rival, but she never gave Hana the time of day.
And, now that I've spent so much time with Hana, I'd been influenced by how quickly she'd jump to conclusions.
I'm off, then. I'll come over to your store tomorrow, too. 
Having said that, Makoto left for her room with the same cool expression as ever.
Th-That condescending...! 
Hana bore her teeth again, spouting insults.
That's why... why I... why I hate her... I haaaaaaaate Makoto! 
Oooo...! That little...!
Hana's insults gradually turned into slow sobs.
Hana?! 
My voice had fallen on deaf ears as Hana ran back to her room.
I thought it best to leave her alone for the rest of the day...
Uwah... Whaaaaa!!
I continued to watch over (?) Hana from behind the closed door, as she wept with bittersweet emotion.
