...
...
...
And that's how I found myself wondering through the abandoned, silent academy. 
Yuuuup, bored. 
If this were a normal academy, athletic clubs would be engaged in morning practice, but ours was a bit more lax in that department.
Hmm... 
Aaaah...
Assailed by sudden drowsiness, I opened my mouth to yawn when...
???
Kyaaa!!
Ooooooooooouch! 
Something hard hit my head and I found myself on the floor.
I had apparently turned the corner the same time as someone else and we'd hit each other head-first.
Ugh... Ooooouch... Are you all right? 
I looked up to find a pile of books spread across the floor and a single female student on her backside.
Hey! Are you okay?!
I quickly reached out to help her up.
???
Don't touch me without permission!
Wha...?! 
And just as she snapped at me, the girl lifted up her head. 
Hana...?
Y-Yanushi-kun...? 
...
...
...
Are you all right? You're not hurt, are you?
I-I keep telling you, I'm fine...
After picking up her books, I accompanied Hana to a classroom and noticed we were the first to arrive.
...I didn't think anyone else would be here at this hour.
It's a coincidence, as I was in the library... The main branch has a number of rare and useful recipe books.
The mountain of books Hana had been carrying were all recipe books. I was a fan of the "practice makes perfect" mentality, so I didn't read much...
You're a really diligent student. You stayed up late last night to work on a new cake too, didn't you? 
Yes, I keep coming up with ideas for new cakes! I'm working on the second coming of Le Fleur, the Le Fleur Deuxi｢me!
Oooh, that's amazing! 
Hehe...! This one might be the one to beat Makoto!
Hahaha...
This again... 
I appreciate your enthusiasm, but working this hard can be...
Normal effort isn't enough to beat a hardworking genius.
I see...
We'd spoken about this before, but you can't beat someone like that just by trying hard.
I understand that, but I want you two to get along. I mean, you got along well the other day.
I was referring to the late-night walk in the park.
At that time, Hana and Makoto seemed like they were having a good time together. 
...
But Hana merely gazed at me fixedly. 
Aaah, you just don't get it... 
Huh? 
Wait, what...? 
Being glared at like that was scary, but her response pissed me off more than anything!
...
...The way things are... 
Mmm? 
We can't even get along. 
Huh? But you do! 
You just don't understand how women work, Yanushi-kun.
...Sorry. 
That's what I get for spending more time looking at cakes than at girls, I suppose...
You probably... think I'm not a very pleasant person to be around, and that I'm always obsessed with being number one...
Th-That's not... 
Maybe... I did think that, a little... 
But, in all honesty, winning is not all that important to me.
Are you really okay with{W:700} not{W:0} winning?
I mean... There's a problem I have to resolve first before beating her is even an option...
Hana's voice was somehow bitter. 
She's always ahead of me, never looking back. I can't stand the thought of watching her from behind or not being her equal anymore. 
Hana kept saying the same thing, over and over again...
Even if I can't beat her, I want to at least stand on equal footing with her... to be able to hold my head up high and say, "I'm here."
Which means...?
I want Makoto to acknowledge me... To think I am just the slightest bit amazing. That's my one, small wish.
I somehow felt a deeper connection to Hana after that comment. Much closer than when we went on a date or made love, in fact.
I found myself smiling softly. 
You really do like Makoto, don't you...?
Puff! 
Hana's face began to steam like a tea kettle.
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you saying...?!
Whoa?! Wait... Y-You're... spitting on me!
I asked while wiping my face with a tissue.
Don't you... like her?! 
I don't swing that way!
No... I didn't mean romantically, but more like a friend.
That's completely and totally wrong! 
She denied vehemently, her spit flying in every direction again. 
Well, jeez... 
I couldn't help but sigh internally as Hana continued to viciously pelt me with her words.
