Ahem, ahem! Well then, everyone, the chairwoman would like to say a few words to open today's morning assembly.
Yes. Greetings, everyone. As your chairwoman, and the one who called this meeting, there's an important matter we need to discuss.
Nee-san seemed oddly nervous, while the chairwoman was uncharacteristically serious. The seven of us stood in her office, still as statues.
And the reason for that was due to the camera crew standing in the office with us.
There's an old Chinese saying that goes, "Start with the first step."
During China's warring states period, King Zhao of Zhou wished to restore his national power, and asked his trusted vassal, Guo Wei, how to gather men of resource and skill.
Guo Wei then repelled... 
Madam chairwoman! He did not "Repel."
Hm? What...?
It's not "repel." He "replied."
Hm? Ah, right. Um... Guo Wei then replied, um, "If you wish to gather the wise, first: Arbitrate? Me from my mediocre... position?"
It's "{W:700}Elevate{W:0} me from my mediocre position."
C'mon, I can't read something this complicated! 
Wha... Madam Chairwoman! 
I know! Fuumin can just dub over what I say later. What do ya say, TV guys?!
The camera crew smiled bitterly at the chairwoman's suggestion. If nothing else, they needed to reshoot the scene entirely, as you couldn't paint over video footage.
I guess she was incapable of even playing the role of a "serious chairwoman" for more than thirty seconds, tops...
Anyway, the camera crew is gonna be followin' ya while you work.
The fact that they came here to interview ya is proof that sales have been through the roof!
Yes. 
How annoying...
Everyone was astonished.
I mean, you've been gettin' a lot of social media attention and it spread like wildfire!
Sales figures have been incredible over the last few days. Because of that, "Delicacy Pioneer" wanted to do a special on us!
That alone is amazing...
For sure... 
Aaaah, aaaah! I can't believe I got to see Yuuko-chan in the flesh! 
Shinono was beside herself from seeing the female reporter up close.
This "Yuuko-chan" was a cute girl who worked with the camera crew. She was also a member of a popular idol unit, and Shinono was a fan of hers.
She's{W:700} reaaaaally{W:0} popular, you know?! She's a well-known idol, and they say she only gets an hour of sleep a day due to her busy schedule!
And she's gonna be in{W:700} my{W:0} store, in{W:700} MY{W:0} store!
Hey... It's not{W:700} your{W:0} store.
You're a dork who doesn't watch TV, so you don't get it, Onii-chan!
If Yuuko-chan shows up in our store and tries our cakes, then we're gonna be beating off customers with a stick tomorrow!
Really?
We're definitely gonna have more people comin' in after this! And next year, too...!
Wow... Is Yuuko-chan really that popular? 
You don't know her?! "Delicacy Pioneer"' is one of the most popular shows on primetime television! 
It likely has the highest ratings out of any gourmet TV show!
Yes... And they're going to follow us... Today will decide the fate of Beans Puppy and the Kitty Parlor...!
But yeah, it's all thanks to everyone's hard work! Your work has been especially impressive lately, Hana-chan!
Huh...?! 
Hana looked surprised at her name being mentioned.
You mean... me? 
Yeah! Your cakes have been gettin' rave reviews online. Y'know, that new cake of yours? It's the reason why Delicacy Pioneer wanted to cover us in the first place.
Really?! 
Hana's expression filled with joy.
Yeah, so keep up that good work until the end! 
Yes! 
After all, today's coverage is gonna be centered around Beans Puppy! 
Huh...?
Kenta & Korone & Shinono
Wh-Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?! 
Makoto & Michiyo
...
Woooow, that's amazing... 
I can't believe it! Yuuko-chan's coming to our, no,{W:700} my{W:0} store! Woohoo!
Shinono was on cloud nine and had a huge smile plastered across her face.
Hana's expression, however, was the polar opposite of that.
Huuuuuuuuuuuuh...?
Hearing she was the main attraction today made her stiffen like a board. 
Well then, Hana-chan, do your best today! Beans Puppy's reputation, as well as the fate of the academy, rests on your shoulders!
Y-Yesh... 
Even after our meeting ended, Hana couldn't quite process what was going on and remained frozen in place as the camera crew explained the recording process to her.
I hope she'll be okay...
