Haa... Haa... Haa... Haa... 
Hey, are you all right? 
Haa... Haa... Haa... Haa... I'm... at my limit...
Hana was gasping for air.
Something wrong with the ball? If it's too heavy, it could strain your wrist...
It's nothing... like that...
We eventually ended up in the shopping district.
While there, we found a bowling alley and decided to check it out on a whim.
However, Hana's stamina... Or rather, her grip strength, only lasted three turns.
I'm very much out of shape... I might be relying too much on the hand mixer...
Huh? Th-That's the problem?
Yes... I used an eggbeater before, but the academy is so well-equipped and I started relying on machines...
Hana blamed it using electrical appliances instead of a manual eggbeater.
As far as I could tell, she was lifting a ball that was far too heavy for her to handle, but...
Perhaps I should evaluate some of my habits. Maybe I should start going out on walks...?
H-Hmm, I wonder...?
She'd often go too far with some things, and that was one of her flaws. However, that's also what made Hana who she was...
You really are amazing, Yanushi-kun.
Huh?
Well, you see...
Squeeze... 
Hana reached out and touched my arm.
Huh...? Huh...?! 
See? It's almost like it's nothing. The energy you put behind the ball is completely different from me.
It's nothing all that special...
I've never seen this manly side of you before.
That{W:700} sounds{W:0} like a compliment, but that's pretty mean...
Hehehe...! You've devoted your entire life to making sweets, and usually aren't very manly.
Th-That's discrimination and prejudice!
And you're fine that way!
Huh...?
I want to be the only one who gets to see your manly side...
Um...
Heheh! All I'm trying to say is that maybe it's fine to do things other than baking cakes sometimes.
I guess I can agree with that. 
Right... Making cakes was enough for me until now, but... stuff like this is fun, too. 
It is... None of the pins have dropped and I've gotten nothing but gutter balls, but it's a lot fun...!
It truly was. 
Hm?
"Spending time with them is the most important thing. What we're doing isn't as important. Don't be so picky about where things go," is what the book said.
I think the reason why I can have fun, even when I'm not making cakes, is because I'm spending time with you, Yanushi-kun.
Her whisper reached me loud and clear.
Looks like I was right on the money. 
That book had given her some pretty good advice, all things considered.
Of course, what she said also applied to me, too.
Maybe I could enjoy activities outside of baking cakes because it was with Hana?
As I considered that, I found myself peering at Hana's face.
...?
She suddenly turned to me and our eyes met.
Thump, thump...
Huh? What...?
I was surprised by how loud my heartbeat was.
Thump, thump, thump...!
Is something the matter?
N-Nothing...?!
I lied, but could feel my face burning up and my pulse accelerating.
It really was because I was with Hana, wasn't it?
The incident with Makoto last night briefly flashed in my mind.
Pick me... and I'll be able to take you to heights Hana could never dream of.
Won't you let me take you there...?
Sorry, but I think I can reach those heights with Hana, too. If nothing else, I wanted make the climb with her by my side. So, I'm sorry, Makoto...
I apologized to her earnestly in my heart and stood up.
I... I'm getting kind of tired. Let's grab some tea and take a break.
Hehe! Very well. Let's test out those taste buds of yours, Yanushi-kun!
With Hana and her sharp tongue at my side, we went to look for a coffee shop to sit in.
