Life during my stagingｩor internshipｩunder Master S｣toiles has been tough, and I haven't really had a moment to myself for some time now.
Even so, I somehow managed to conquer the biggest hurdle so far: learning French.
I was a bit anxious about going to a language school and doing my staging at the same time, but everything has been going smoothly thus far thanks to ｦtoiles.
"Which is great, but he only ever wants to hang out at Japanese comic book and action figure stores..."
Heheh...
(I slipped Yanushi-kun's letter, which I'd read countless times both in Japan and during my flight, into my bag.)
Announcer
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for choosing ExcelFrance for your flight to Paris today.
Announcer
Our flight crew will be coming by shortly to review your visas and luggage. Please have your passports, as well as any other documentation you may need, ready...
(We'll be reunited soon, now that France has roughed him up a bit...)
(And, at long last, I've achieved my dream of going to France...)
(Aah... Finally I'll be able to walk down Champs-ｦlys｣es, or underneath the marronnier trees with Yanushi-kun...)
Wait, what's Makoto doing here?!
Ahaha... 
All I could do was smile wryly at Hana baring her teeth like a piranha.
What is the meaning of this, Yanushi-kun? Could you explain?
I wasn't expecting this either, to be honest...
Makoto emailed me and I told her you were coming to Paris, so she...
What's going on here?! You two... were emailing each other?!
Of course we were. We both live abroad and are away from home.
Huh...?
Don't you know? Makoto moved to Paris. 
Wh-What...?!
Nekonoya wanted to expand, so I'm in charge of the Paris branch.
I... had no idea. 
Uh, don't get me wrong, I wasn't trying to hide it. She moved here two weeks ago, and never had the chance to tell you...
Indeed. I've made sure to see Kenta every single day since my arrival.
Y-You... see each other... every day?!
You're doing this on purpose! You opened a branch in France for this, didn't you?!
Makoto smiled and evaded Hana's accusations.
I thought Kenta's lover would be a bit more composed... 
Heheh... Heheheheh... 
C-Calm down, there's nothing going on between me and Makoto! 
That only makes me even more suspicious!
There's nothing going on. We're just friends, right...?
Squeeze...!
Despite what she said, Makoto coiled her hands around my arm.
J-Just wait a second!
Squeeeeeeze...!
Ouch!
Hana roughly latched onto my other arm.
Let's go, shall we?
Why are you taking the initiative for?! Get away from my man!
Let's go, Kenta. I found a place that makes delicious gelato.
I told you to get away from him! Yanushi-kun is going to go on a date with me to a Picasso museum!
Ahaha... Don't fight, you two... 
The citizens watched us with amazement as we walked along the Paris streets.
Much like our days in Kyoto, the time the three of us spent together was loud, yet strangely fulfilling.
As I walked in between my envious lover and talented friend, the thought of repeating those tumultuous days didn't seem like such a bad idea...
Why are you ending this like it's "Happily Ever After," Yanushi-kun?! I won't accept this ending! Never!!
