Once night fell and work ended, we returned to the chairwoman's office to change out of our uniforms.
There sure were a lot of customers today... Aah, I'm really tired...
...I'm only getting started. My customer service skills will only draw in more customers!
That's right! We're gonna need to up the ante soon. Let's turn in, then.
R-Right. We have to get up early tomorrow, too...
...
Everyone left the office and made their way toward the dorm.
Um, Michiyo-san?
...What? Do not speak to me unless it's work-related, you wretch.
I called out to Michiyo-san from behind and, sure enough, she scowled and sent me the sharpest glare she could muster.
Ugh...
I flinched in response, but worked up enough courage to open my mouth and speak.
...It's been bothering me for a while, but... did I do something to offend you, Michiyo-san...?
...Put your hand over your heart and wrack your non-existent brains for the answer...
I can't think of anything, though! ...Could you give me a hint or something?
Hmph. Imbecile...
Ah, Michiyo-san...
Uuuugh...
She didn't give me a chance to follow her instructions...
With no way to hold her back, I helplessly watched Michiyo-san retreat to the dorms.
(...Damn, what{W:700} did{W:0} I do to her? It must have been serious if she's this ticked off... But, if I can't remember what I did...)
Uuuugh... Aaah...
Thinking about it only made me feel worse.
Oh my. Micchan's usually so nice, but she's quite cold when it comes to you, Ken-chan. Did you do something naughty to her?
N-Naughty?! N-No, I'd never...!
I thought everyone had left, but Hina had made a sudden return.
I have no idea why she hates me so much... She wasn't like this before...
...Before? What kind of relationship did you and Micchan have, Ken-chan?
It happened a few years ago...
I looked beyond Hina and recalled the day I'd met Michiyo-san.
A few years prior, I'd heard Japan's leading expert on Amezaiku_or Japanese candy art_lived in Hakata, and I traveled there to train under him.
He saw how passionate I was and agreed to take me under his wing. Michiyo-san was in charge of my education, but was also in training herself.
After that...
Given our situation, we'd often talk a lot. I'd like to think we got along pretty well...
I see. We're in the same boat, then. You became my dad's apprentice and trained alongside me, too.
Right. So I thought that, just like with you, we'd get along even after not seeing each other for a few years.
But she's the polar opposite. Ever since we reunited, she's been really blunt and treats me like some kind of stranger... I don't get it.
I understand how you feel! Anyway, it's important for you two to get along, so I'll just roll up my sleeves and help out!
Huh? What do you mean?
Just leave everything to me! You've got nothing to worry about, heheheh.
A-All right... I don't really get what's going on, but I'm counting on you...?
Yup, I've got this! Let's start our first strategy meeting, then!
Right, strategy meeting... 
I was apprehensive, but I had no one else to turn to.
Weeeell, first...
Yeah, what's first?
We continued talking as we went out into the hallway.
First, we gotta think of how to get you and Micchan to communicate... And when it comes to communication, skinship is key!
Let's do it, then! We'll get all touchy-feely!
H-Hmm... Will doing that really make a difference? I mean, worst case scenario, it could...
Absolutely! I could forgive anything a person does so long as they make my heart and body feel like they're melting. All girls like that!
R-Really? I see, okay. That's what girls are like...
That's right. I'm a girl and I say so, so it's legit!
R-Right. Gotcha, I'll believe you! Or rather, that's the only choice I have right now...
I guess I had no other options. I was still a bit (very) anxious, but I had to do this! I couldn't think of any other solution.
