Hey, Hina! Your skinship plan totally backfired on me!
Not only did she turn me down, but she threatened to break every bone in my body! I thought you said all girls loved massages?!
Driven out of the room by Michiyo-san, I ran out into the hallway and met Hina, nearly in tears.
I-I was scared, okay?! I couldn't move at all. It was like a mouse being glared down by a cat, or a low level slime and a master swordsman...!
Hmm... I didn't think this would happen. "Operation: Touchy-Feely" should've been the perfect plan.
Uh, it was...?
I walked up to a girl whoｩno matter how you looked at itｩhates me and offered to "massage her shoulders," with a dopey smile on my face!
When you step back and think about it, it was as stupid a plan as it gets.
Okay, let's go with our backup plan! "Operation: Everyone Likes to Eat Tasty Stuff!"
Well, yeah, I suppose that's true... It's kind of scary how quickly you recover and think up these crazy ideas...
You're not fazed by this at all, are you? Since you're not the one on the chopping blockｩHey, Hina!
Hina simply ignored me and pointed both a bright, cheerful smile and her index finger in my direction.
Your next task will be to make Micchan a cake as a present!
A cake?
Your cakes are always so good, I feel like my tongue is melting! Unlike Operation: Touchy-Feely, this plan isn't nearly as risky!
...So you acknowledge that it was risky? You said it was the "perfect plan" and you're going back on it{W:700} now{W:0}?! So it's sink or swim at this point, huh...?
Micchan's the type of girl with a sweet tooth! Even if she doesn't like massages, she'll definitely like your cake!
This will definitely work! It's totally different from the other reckless idea.
Reckless... Damn it, Hina, you said it was "the perfect plan!"
It'll absolutely work this time! You can't let one failure get you down. Life is all about being happy!
Hina replied with a grin, ignoring my seemingly inconvenient-sounding reply.
At this point, I'm not sure if you're being optimistic, self-centered, or just straight-up don't care about what other people have to say...
As much as I hated to admit it, this sounded like a much better idea. Michiyo-san loved sweets, especially tasty cakes.
Shall we start baking her a cake, then? I'll be your assistant! Let's head for the kitchen!
Ah, yeah. Could you?
I still didn't understand what was going on, but I guess Hina and I were baking a cake.
Maybe I was imagining it, but I couldn't shake the feeling like I'd been taken advantage of. Was this really okay...?
Come on, let's get to it! Let's make that cake! A tasty, tasty cake!
