Hello and welcome! Yes, we have an open seat right over here...
It's pretty busy today... Hmmm...
As I circled the caf｣ tables, I caught sight of Michiyo-san on the other side of the store.
(Oh, she's using Chihuaboy to entertain the kids...)
You may touch him; he will not bite. He is capable of discerning friend from foe. 
His name is Chihuaboy. He likes cute customers like you. Can you see him wagging his tail?
Girl
So cute! Chi-hua-boy? That's a cool name! I wanna hug him! 
Here you are. When you pet a dog, extend your hand from below its eyeline so as not to startle them. Yes, like that...
Ahaha... 
The girl giggled happily and Chihuaboy, without a hint of fear in his eyes, looked quite pleased.
(She still likes kids, at least... That stern expression and samurai-like speech pattern of hers can be a bit off-putting at times...)
(She's quite caring and kind, and looks really cute when she smiles, too...)
Girl
Ahahah! Chihuaboy, paw! Whoa, you're so smart! Good boy!
She complimented you. Good for you, Chihuaboy. Ahaha... 
Looks like he's getting used to the customers.
...Tch.
Mmm?
The moment she noticed my gaze, Michiyo-san turned away and clicked her tongue... Or so it looked.
(Wh-What...? I smiled at her because I thought it was sweet... She doesn't have to treat me like that...)
Girl
He's so soft, and his eyes are sparkling!
Dogs have lovely eyes, just like human children. 
H-Hmm...
I wonder... Michiyo-san had been incredibly hostile toward me ever since we were reunited, almost like she were holding a grudge...
She, naturally, interacted with me when it involved work, but she otherwise gave me the cold shoulder.
Whatever the case may be, she was really standoffish and antagonistic toward me for some reason...
Hmph...
Come, Chihuaboy. This nice girl will give you a hug. 
Girl
Come here, Chihuaboy! I won't hurt you, so just stay still... 
Tis fine. Simply spread out your hands and wait. Support his bottom... If you hold him close to your heart, it will calm him down. Hehe...
...
Why? Why won't she turn that kind smile to me?
I'm no saint, but I wasn't a bad person. So, why...?
(Had I done something without realizing it? It was so odd... Why did Michiyo-san hate me so much?)
No matter how much I tried, I couldn't think of an answer. Nope, nothing.
Girl
Mommy, look! This is Chihuaboy! He's really smart and cute and...
You can play with him until your order arrives. Heheh, isn't that nice, Chihuaboy? Aren't you happy this nice girl came by to play with you?
No matter how many times I asked, I came up short. I'd get scared whenever I clumsily tried to start up a conversation with her, too...
