Michiyo-san! Sorry, could I have another minute of your time?
With the cake Hina and I made in hand, I ran back into the dining hall. 
She ended up eating half of it, but I managed to salvage the other half... or so Hina, with cake crumbs still around her mouth, claimed.
So what was supposed to be a whole cake was now a semi-circle, but it was still too much for one person to eat.
...You again. This has to be some sort of harassment.
Michiyo-san refused to look away from the television program she was engrossed in and clicked her tongue at me.
This was the perfect plan, though! Or so Hina led me to believe. Regardless of how scared I was, I didn't back down.
Um, I'm sorry for interrupting, but I made a new cake. Could you taste it and see if it's worth putting up for sale at the store?
A cake for the store...? I suppose I have no choice, then. I'll try it.
Thank you, Michiyo-san... 
For a diligent, proud craftswoman like Michiyo-san, she wouldn't treat anyone too badly so long as it was work-related.
Om, nom, om... Hmm, nomnom... 
H-How is it? Do you like it? Or...
Yes, if it's this good... 
Oh...
I had reluctantly handed Michiyo-san the fork, but her expression softened after she took a bite of my cake.
It's good. I doubt anyone would claim otherwise. It's truly the kind of sublime product that melts and numbs the tongue.
Oooh... Thank you, Michiyo-san! I was confident in it, but it makes me feel better to know that I have your approval!
I was relieved to hear such praise, and seeing that smile of hers certainly helped, too...
It's been so long since she looked at me that way...
...Tch... 
Huh?
However, that didn't last long and Michiyo-san returned to her usual, sharp gaze.
For Heaven's sake. If you're talented enough to make this, then why are you... Why...
Huh? Wh-What? What did I do?
Unpleasant. I've appraised your dish, and now my job is done. Now get out of my sight.
Wh-What? Unpleasant... But I thought you liked it? Or was that okay, and{W:700} I'm{W:0} the unpleasant one?
Do not make me say it. Leaving that much unsaid is the last bit of mercy I offer you.
Your culinary skill is your only virtue. Now begone, before you make me angry.
U-Um, ah... hmm... Thank you, Michiyo-san. Excuse me...
I'd succumbed to the pressure once again, and fled from the palpable bloodthirst that threatened me should I approach her.
Our backup plan wasn't a{W:700} huge{W:0} failure, but it certainly wasn't successful, either.
The cake was fine, but I was the problem. It hurt to hear that. It probably would've hurt less if she hated me because the cake was bad.
Hmph, I swear... To think that's what he can do... Tch...
