Hm?
I paused after hearing voices coming from the dining hall.
It was pretty late, but I could tell there were several girls inside.
That's right, but still... For me... 
I get what you mean. I do. I think so, too... 
Why, yes. And I... think the same, too. 
Hmm... I think I'm a bit different? But my opinion is more or less the same, I guess...
That's right. If it's good, it's good! And that's why... even if it's a little different and I asked you either "yes" or "no," you'd say "yes," right?
(What's this? Almost everyone's here... Hmm, is this some kind of ladies' night thing? Well, maybe not... But could this the so-called "girls' talk"?)
It sounded like most of the girls were there and talking about something rather enthusiastically.
Perhaps they decided to stick around the dining hall and chat over after-dinner tea.
Right, right. That cake was tasty...
I love it! 
Hmm...
They were talking about cakes, apparently. 
They'd piqued my interest, so I leaned in and found all of the employees of the Kitty Parlor and Beans Puppy were in attendance.
And what they were talking about specifically was...
No, really, Kenta-kun's cakes are the best! Eating just one got me hooked.
He immediately stood head and shoulders above the rest when he trained at my place. You could tell he was special just by looking at his cakes.
He has this natural sense of aesthetics, but I wish I could pick up that greedy curiosity of his that allows him to learn just about anything he wants.
His cakes are incredibly tasty! Not to mention wonderful...
Yeah, I don't think I've had a cake that can compare to Onii-chan's...
I've tried plenty of good cakes, but his are the best!
His work ethic at the store is simply superb. You can tell he's had experience from working all across Japan.
Having such a talented person around has been super helpful. He's always there no matter what happens!
Oh...
Everyone was showering me with compliments. Although, they weren't so much talking about cakes as they were discussing me.
Hehe... Since they're saying all this when I'm not around, then I guess they are telling the truth...
Hearing such praise made me happy, if a little embarrassed. I craned my head a bit and gazed at everyone's faces.
However, there was one among them who...
You say his "cakes are the best" and "he's a good person"... Overestimation at its finest...
I won't say anything unfitting here. Or rather, I loathe to speak of him. Such foolishness...
Huh? Why do you say that? His cakes are so tasty, though.
Truly, why{W:700} would{W:0} you say that? Yanushi-kun's sweets really are lovely. 
...I refuse to evaluate someone who gives up halfway through. That's all there is to it.
No... Onii-chan's not like that! 
Yeah, Kenta-kun would never give up on something halfway... I don't think he would, anyway.
Ken-chan always finishes his work, right?
That's right. He never gives up anything he starts. I don't think that's ever happened before.
...Tch... 
...Inuyama-san, why are you always so hostile toward Yanushi-kun? You have been, well, quite cold to him for a while now...
...Think of him what you will, but I will never forgive Yanushi.{W:700} Never{W:0}.
I refuse to forgive or acknowledge him. That's all there is to it.
Huh...?
Michiyo-san's somber reply seemed to have spoiled the mood for the others, as she spoke in a terribly strict tone of voice.
They were riled up for a short while, but they quickly fell silent at her harsh tone.
...Michiyo-san... 
For some reason, it felt like I shouldn't be listening in on this conversation.
I'll eat later. Meanwhile, I'll head back to my room and hold out for the chance to make a late-night snack.
