We returned to work with a cheerful spring in our steps.
Welcome! Yes, we have a free table. Please follow me.
Ah, yes, you need my help? I'll be right over in just a moment...
Ah...
Ah!
O-Ouch... Mmnh, mm... Ahh... It hurts...
Nono, who had been wearing a brilliant smile until now, tripped in a rather spectacular fashion in front of the customers.
She'd lost her footing after turning around so fast, twisted her ankle and pitched forward.
Are you all right, Nono?!
I'm sorry, sir, we'll have someone over to take your order in a moment. Hey, Hana, please take over for her...!
We greatly apologize, sir. If you have decided on what you would like to order, I would be happy to assist you.
Hey, Nono, can you stand? Let's sit over here... You fell on your knee, right? Is it sprained?
It was surprising, but we had to keep things rolling for the customers and recover quickly in the event of a slip up.
Aaah, oof... It's fine. It's not sprained, I just bumped my knee... Haa, haa...
Using my shoulder for support, Nono got to her feet with moist eyes and a flushed face. 
P-Pardon me for that... Enjoy yourselves... Ooo, aaah... I'm sorry... 
Visibly upset, Nono bowed apologetically to the customers as we migrated to the corner of the store.
We're really sorry for the fuss. Please, enjoy yourselves... Excuse us, then. 
The customers that were in front of Nono called out to her in concern.
Nearby patrons eyed us worriedly, and I bowed my head apologetically with Nono.
I'm sorry... I'll be careful next time... Ooo... 
Come on, let's go. Try not to push yourself. I'll carry you if you can't walk.
I-I'm fine... I'm embarrassed enough for screwing up, so if you'd carry me...
She turned her face away from me in shame. 
...Well, if she had enough sense to worry about that, then it was encouraging in its own way.
I huddled close to Nono and supported her body as we walked.
Hey, Onii-chan. 
Hm? What is it?
...I'd have been fine even without you helping me, but... 
Um, so... Uh, ooo, th-thanks! Onii-chan, thanks...
Aaah...
Ahaha... Yeah, you don't have to thank me. Let's go to the back for now. 
I patted Nono on the head as she grumpily, but honestly, thanked me. Nono twitched slightly when I touched her head, and then narrowed her eyes and smiled like a puppy. 
Heheh... Thanks. I can handle the rest. I'll wash my knee, then clean and bandage it.
You get back to work, Onii-chan. I don't want to get in your way. 
Gotcha, I'll take you to the kitchen, though. I've got stuff to do in there, anyway.
The cakes are selling really well, so we're gonna need more!
Right, good luck with that, Onii-chan! I'll do my best, too!
Okay! Starting today, I'll never mess up again! I've gotta stay calm and be careful... Graceful customer service, go!
Nono said in a very energetic, yet graceful manner. This was typical Nono behavior, but her sunny disposition would surely make our customers happy... right?
