Michiyo-san...
I followed Michiyo-san into the storeroom.
She'd left the storeroom door wide open...
Michiyo-san! 
Ah... 
Wh-What is it, Yanushi...? What do you want?
Uh...
Michiyo-san's sounded displeased the moment I called out to her. I briefly considered bailing, but I couldn't back down now.
I'd decided to ask her for sure today. 
Hey, Michiyo-san...? Could you please tell me why you hate me so much...?
...I have nothing to say to you. Especially not to a coward who quit his training and ran off!
...Huh?
She seemed terribly sour about it, but she actually gave me an answer this time.
I... quit my training and ran off...?
...I never thought you would be so irresponsible. You simply disappeared without warning one day... Have you no shame?!
Huh? U-Uh... is that...
I realized, in that moment, it was all a misunderstanding.
However, I was hesitant to tell her the truth and correct the misunderstanding, as I didn't think she would believe me...
...Um. Ah, that's...
Uhm... 
...What, don't want to defend yourself? Of course not, especially after exhibiting such dishonest behavior... No excuse would do...
I remained silent and stared down at my feet. I'd imagine Michiyo-san's expression was quite... intense.
(What do I do...? How should I fix this...?)
What's going on? It sounded like you two were arguing, so I came to check...
Ah, Nee-san... 
It's "Sensei"...
Just as I thought I'd felt someone behind me, she spoke with a dignified voice. 
Nee-san stood at the entrance and had apparently heard Michiyo-san's angry tone of voice when she walked by the storeroom.
Care to explain what's going on? I overheard most of it already, though.
...Tch... 
Nee-san glanced between us, then looked Michiyo-san dead in the eye when she spoke to her.
...However, you said something I cannot ignore. Inuyama, what's this about Yanushi quitting his training?
I'm not saying this as his teacher, but as his cousin. He's not the type to do something so irresponsible.
But...! 
There has to be a reason for it. When did this occur?
It was... three years ago... 
Hm? Three years ago...? What month, exactly?
...
It was... November. Yanushi just up and quit his training at our store...
...I see. 
Three years ago in November... Nee-san jolted with surprise and began to speak like it was finally her turn.
Yanushi-kun's mother, or my aunt, was on the verge of dying from a terrible disease at the time.
...Huh?
If he disappeared around that time, then that means...
Huuuuuuuuh?! 
I-I'll tell her the rest! 
I wasn't sure if I should tell her, but I'd have to now that Nee-san had spilled the beans.
Wh-What... What is the meaning of this... Yanushi?! 
Y-Yeah, actually, um... 
I decided now was the time to fill in the blanks.
Back then, my mom got really sick... I'd heard she was in critical condition, so I quit my training to go back home...
My mom eventually got better and is healthier than ever. Maybe more than most people...
B-But, Master never told me that...! I never knew your mother was sickly...!
I'm sorry... I didn't want to bother you, and figured it'd just worry you. I also didn't want to screw up your training...
I asked Master not to tell you... I told him he could say that I canceled my training and left.
I can't believe it... But, in that case... In that case... Why didn't you tell me?
That's right. If you had said something upon your arrival at the academy, then I...!
Either way, I{W:700} did{W:0} quit my training. That much is true, ahaha...
That's... 
I'm sorry... I sent Master a thank-you letter after Mom got better, and I should've asked him to tell you what had happened...
I kept it a secret and sat on it for a long time... I never thought we'd meet again, so... I'm really sorry!
Yanushi... 
Her lips curled into a wry smile, and she lowered her own head in return with a mixed look on her face.
Forgive me, Yanushi. I never knew the reason, and assumed everything was your fault...
I'm sorry. I was so shallow and foolish... I hate myself for what I've done... Please, forgive me!
No, don't apologize. It's my fault for running off without saying anything.
If anything, I'm sorry... I tried to be considerate by not telling you, but it just ended up hurting you.
So, um... I'm sorry. Can we be friends again? Please lift up your head...
Huh, you forgive me? I kept treating you terribly over a foolish misunderstanding... 
There's nothing to forgive, I wasn't mad at you... Anyway, I'd like for us to go back to how we were before...
I understand... I would very much like that, too. 
Thank you, Yanushi... Thank you... 
...No, thank you, Michiyo-san. Thank you... 
And so, we repeatedly exchanged awkward apologies and stole glances at one another to ensure the other was not offended.
I see. That takes care of that, then.
In which case, back to work, you two. You don't have the time to be idling around, do you?
Ah... My apologies, Sensei! I will act and speak with further caution from now on...!
I'm sorry, thank you, Nee-sa... I mean, Sensei! I'll explain things properly from here on out! 
With our heads lowered, we watched Nee-san turn around and make a quick exit.
Um...
Uh...
After Nee-san left, Michiyo-san remained just as bashful as before.
Hmm... 
Even though we'd mended fences, the others would likely catch on by the sudden change and assume something had happened between us.
...Th-The others may think it odd if I were to suddenly start treating you differently. Is it okay if I acted the same as before, at least for a little while?
If only on the surface, um... I will be curt with you, but I'll refrain from taking it too far...
Oh, right. Yeah, gruff but not hateful...
We seemed to share the same idea, as she voiced the suggestion I was about to propose.
That's right. Let us leave it at that, then... 
Yeah. Let's put those ingredients on the cart and get back to work. That's what we came here for, hahaha...
Ahaha... It would be appreciated... If the both of us do it, we'll be done faster. 
Ahaha... Let's get started, then. 
I was relieved to see Michiyo-san's smile for the first time in a long while. 
First and foremost, we needed to take these supplies and get back to work. It felt like a heavy weight had been lifted from my shoulders, and would soon share what happened with the others.
