Ooo... Aaaah! Why and how did it come to this?! Why... how?!
Hehehe! It sure felt good. I had fun. Hey, Ken-chan, didn't we all have fun?
Y-Yeah, it was fun all right... Ahaha, ahaha...
Gah...!
Oof, I'm... sorry for laughing. Um...
It's healthy to laugh! Hahaha!
After concluding our tryst, Michiyo-san remained in a daze while Hina wore her usual smile.
I stood awkwardly next to them and forced a smile.
I was incredibly unsure of how I should behave in this sort of situation.
Now that I've done this I... I am now unfit for marriage... I'm... 
N-Normal sex is one thing, but a threesome... Perhaps I lost my bearings at the sight of such an affair, but how did I get so carried away...?
Don't worry, Micchan. I'd take you as my bride!
Huh?!
Aaah, um... Uh...
Since you're worried about no one wanting to marry you, then that means I have to, right? So, I'll marry you! Heheh.
...
I lost whatever nerve I had to actually contribute to this conversation. 
As Michiyo-san mouthed various marriage-related concerns, Hina stepped up and offered to marry her instead.
Should I just stay quiet here and wait for the two of them to leave...? 
Why should I become your wife?! Where did you get that idea...?
There's nothing wrong with that. You can be my wife, and I'll be your wife. Hehe.
That's just it, it doesn't make any sense!
...Mmm...
If I jokingly chimed in and said, "Then how about both of you become my wives?" I'd imagine the situation would likely spiral even further out of control.
(It's not like they're gonna get married right now, right? They're not gonna fly off to some other country that recognizes same-sex marriage, right...?)
Probably best to stay quiet unless called, keep my head down, and look away. There was nothing else I could really say or do at this point...
Ugh...
...Ugh...
If I were to say, "I'll marry you, Michiyo-san!" then that would probably throw her into a panic and she'd beat me up.
Two wives is twice the fun, right?! Heheheh. Don't worry, I'll take responsibility!
I'd be willing to give Micchan to you, Kenta-kun. I'd love it if the two of you got married, though! Heheh!
M-Marry?! Me, with Yanushi?! 
Whoa... 
I wish she wouldn't add more fuel to the fire...
I was terribly afraid of where her fists might fly when Michiyo-san suddenly began to panic.
