I closed the cash register. 
We had lots of customers today!
We did. Surprisingly so, given it's a weekday...
Good work, everyone. It sure has been busy recently.
We took a break after closing the store. I suppose being busy was proof of how well things were going.
Oh, right. Sales aside, Inuyama-san's... been performing quite well. Really, really well.
Huh?
Ah, I think so, too! She's happier than before. I always thought she was pretty, but she's gotten even prettier lately...!
R-Really? I've done nothing in particular... 
Yes. You've somehow become, dare I say, softer. Whatever the case, you're positively glowing and doing well lately.
Did something good happen?
N-No, not in particular... Um, well...
Uh, what do you say we head back to the dorms?
I could see where this conversation was going, and they were definitely going to ask about how our relationship had improved.
It would get awkward fast, so I changed topics while everyone was looking around aimlessly and pointed toward the exit.
Yes, it's quite late.
You're right, it's gotten late. Let's go back.
And have dinner, right?!
No. I have something to do here, so I'll be staying behind. I apologize, but could you lend me a hand, Yanushi?
Huh? Sure, I don't mind...
All right, you guys keep at it. We'll see you later then, bye-bye! Good work today.
Yes, fine work indeed. I'll be leaving now. Good luck, and don't push yourselves.
See you. 
Farewell. 
Nono and Hana left, leaving Michiyo-san and I alone in the store.
Um... So, Michiyo-san... It's just the two of us...
I apologize for bothering you when you're tired, Yanushi.
Don't mention it. So, what are we doing? Anything in particular?
Now that we were alone, we peered at each other's face once again.
...As odd as it is for me to say, I've had a nice vibe going lately.
I... I see. It's a little weird to hear you say the word "vibe," but I agree. You definitely seem happier.
Your work over the last few days has been really good.
Yes. You see... Now that we've mended fences, my creative impulses have begun overflowing.
I wish to give shape to these emotions... I thought I would assemble candy art, which is something I have not done in a good while.
Oh, that sounds great! I know what you mean. You can't help yourself when those creative juices start pumping!
A p｡tissier is an artist of sorts, and it's important for us to stay motivated and inspired.
I've made nothing but cakes as of late... I fear I've become rusty when it comes to making candy.
I'm sure you'll be fine. I'll help you. 
Yes, please do. 
The longer we worked, the busier things got.
The Beans Puppy kitchen quickly turned into a candy art workshop. First, we needed to melt the candy and prepare the necessary tools. That alone took quite a while.
Before we knew it, a considerable amount of time had passed...
Whoa, impressive...!
Phew... It's finally coming together. It took me a while to get back into the right mindset...
Really? You've done so well in such a short amount of time. It didn't look like you were having any trouble at all.
Her hand movements were nothing short of skillful as she applied the finishing touches to her rather sizable candy art.
If this was what Michiyo-san considered to be "not in the right mindset," then I couldn't imagine how talented she truly was.
She kept polishing her candy art skills after I left. Looking at the work before my eyes told of all the training she must have gone through.
Hmm, I knew this already, but I truly am a candy artisan at heart... 
Mmm?
It fills my body with the sort of fulfillment I never feel when baking a cake or arranging ice cream... 
Of course, I find making cakes and other western-related confections appealing, but... I love working with candy.
I see. Well, how about we add candy art to the menu? I'm sure it would sell really well!
...Yes, that might just be a very good idea...
Considering our clientele, making candy in the shape of flowers, butterflies, stars and small animals might be the right motif to use... Make it sparkly, pretty, and transparent to catch their eye...
Very well. Tomorrow, I'll talk about it with Inukai and Inuta. Thank you, Yanushi. 
You're welcome. Not sharing something this awesome with the customers would be a huge waste.
I flashed Michiyo-san a bright smile. She stopped moving and returned a faint smile.
You've given me great advice in the past, Yanushi. You also hear me out whenever I'm feeling depressed...
You've helped me out a lot, too, Michiyo-san. You've been my superior for so long, and your suggestions have always been on point...
Michiyo-san's candy art reminded me of my training. We'd talk about this and that, reminiscing about the old days as our hands moved...
Your candy art was subtle, yet daring, and filled with all kinds of innovative ideas. Not only was its appearance superb, but the taste, too...
Yours was the other way around. Daring, but subtle. The taste was orthodox, the kind that made me realize how skilled you were time and time again.
There was a time when we drew up some ideas, exchanged them, and tried to create each other's designs.
Yeah, that was a lot of fun. I never realized how inspiring it could be to make something based on a simple idea.
It really was interesting, and brought a lot of new ideas to mind. How about we exchange ideas again?
Sure. How about this, then... I'll think up a design for new candy art, and you come up with a new cake idea.
That sounds interesting. Conversely, I could make a cake and{W:700} you{W:0} can make candy art...
Candy art, huh...? It's been so long, I don't think I can make something nearly as impressive as this. A little one should be okay, though.
Decorating a cake with small candy art sounds like a great idea, and maybe that's something customers can buy as a gift.
Michiyo-san resumed working on her candy art with earnest, and seemed to be having a great time doing it.
Our discussion made me wonder what I should make next to make the customers happy. One positive idea cropped up after another.
Hmm... how about this?
Oh...
It was finally approaching completion. 
Yes, I just need to put the finishing touches on it and it will be complete.
These two spots should be smoother... Let's shave this off, and do this here... Yes, it's done!
With that, her candy art was complete.
Oooh, it's great! You really are amazing... Our customers will be impressed if we put it up in the store!
Yes, I would like that. It's a sweet meant to be eaten, but surprising the customers is important, too.
This impressive sculpture stood proudly. It truly was more a work of art than it was a sweet. 
I like it. It's the kind of sweet that feels too precious to eat, and you'd rather use it as a decoration instead.
Thank you... Considering its size, I ended up using a lot of ingredients.
Yeah, you're right. Maybe we should restock from the storeroom so we have enough for tomorrow. 
We glanced at each other and smiled wryly. It'd be pretty bad if we didn't have enough ingredients for tomorrow.
After moving the candy art statue to the corner of the room and propping it up so it wouldn't break, we made our way to the storeroom.
