...Ahaha. Things have gotten rather crazy as of late. I never imagined we would do something like this...
Same here. Never thought we'd get trapped in here... Whoever locked the door really put us in a bind. Uh...
We tried to catch our breath and spoke with wry smiles as we got dressed.
Silence would only make things more awkward, and we weren't the type to talk sweetly to each other, so this wasn't so much pillow talk as it was a casual conversation.
Getting locked in has been troublesome, indeed... Who could have done this?
I agreed completely. How did we get caught up in this? Whose fault was it?
You would think people would notice we were gone by now...
If not that, they would certainly notice when we weren't around tomorrow morning and start to panic.
Ah... 
Aaah... 
Yanushi-kun, Inuyama-san! It's all right now. 
Hana! What are you doing here...?
Thank you, Inuta. You were a big help, sorry for bothering you so late.
...Huh?
Hana showed up just as we were finished getting dressed...
Um, uh... What's going on?
...I sent her a message from my phone a moment ago. Um... After we finished, of course. I figured they would come to our aid within a few minutes.
Wait, what... If you had your phone on you, why didn't you text her sooner?
We spoke in hushed whispers so Hana wouldn't hear us.
I'm sorry, forgive me. I just, um, had my reasons... to call for help after...
I wanted to be alone with you in an enclosed space, and make my intentions clear where no one could come between us...
I'm sorry, Yanushi. I should've called for help sooner, and ended up being a nuisance over personal whims...
Uh, um...
She wanted to be alone with me.
I couldn't exactly find fault with her not contacting someone if that was the reason.
We weren't racing against the clock here, and it wouldn't have been{W:700} that{W:0} bad if they found us tomorrow instead.
Are you two all right? Were you scared? 
We're fine, as you can see. Thanks to you.
We're not hurt or sick; we're good!
It seems the chairwoman locked up without checking if there was anyone inside... 
O-Oh. Yeah, I could see her doing that... Well, I guess she didn't mean anything wrong by it...
Sorry, and thanks, Hana. You saved us... We'll be more careful from now on. Maybe we should make a sign that says, "Someone's in here"?
Yes, I believe that would be a wise solution, given the chairwoman. Let's make a noticeable sign that can be hung from the doorknob.
Yes, let's. You have our thanks, Inuta. We apologize for the trouble, but it's a relief to be out.
...Yanushi, consider what I told you earlier. 
Y-Yeah... I will... 
Thanks to our savior, Hana, this peculiar confinement incident was put to an end.
It was a surprising and stressful ordeal, but I firmly believed it would make for a decent memory...
