Right, let's go. We didn't leave or forget anything here, right?
No. Shall we?
After loading the ingredients onto the cart and double-checking we hadn't forgotten anything, we made our way to the storeroom door.
Huh? What... It won't open... Wait, did someone lock the door from outside?!
It won't open?
Won't even budge. You can only lock the storeroom from the outside, so someone must have locked us in.
Hmm... Someone probably assumed there was no one in the storeroom and closed the door without checking inside first...
What do we do...? It's really late, and who knows if someone will show up... 
There's no other way out, though. It might be a while before someone realizes we're in here, too.
Everyone might just take a bath, go to bed, and never notice we're in trouble.
Of course we'd left our cellphones in the store, too.
(What do we do...? How do we get out of here?! Maybe we should break the door knob...? Wait, that may open the door! It's a very odd door, all things considered...)
(The repair bill will probably be pretty high if we break it... We have to get out of here by tomorrow morning, though...!)
(What about a bathroom, and... I'm hungry and thirsty. We won't get any sleep like this and it'll make working tomorrow difficult... Ugh...!)
I tried to think of an escape plan, but nothing came to mind. There weren't any windows in this room, after all.
Darn it, what do we do...?!
For the time being, sit down.
H-How can you be so calm?! 
I was surprised by how calm Michiyo-san was and nearly screamed at her in response.
We've got plenty of food and water here. Worst case scenario, someone will come by tomorrow morning.
We will be okay. As for the bathroom, um... try to hold it in as long as you can. If it comes down to it, we can do it in that dark corner... i-in a bag, or something...
O-Oh, yeah. You're right... When you put it that way, I feel a little bit better. Um...
She was right. It's not like we were running out of oxygen or we'd be left alone for days or weeks on end.
Panicking would only stress Michiyo-san out, who had succeeded in maintaining her composure.
And seeing as she even brought up the matter of the toilet to comfort (?) me, I decided to follow her advice and remain calm.
...Want to talk while we're stuck in here?
Yeah, sure. We don't get to talk much except for crazy situations like this, I guess... Haha.
The two of us sat down and exchanged bitter smiles.
We started talking after that and the core of our conversation was, of course, our future. 
There's only one class in the p｡tissier branch, but you could study candy art.
Yes, that class was very helpful. I enrolled here to learn new techniques and perspectives that I wouldn't otherwise have had access to. I think that was a wise decision on my part.
Master recommended it, too. He said there was much to learn from the younger faculty and my peers.
Right, I definitely agree with that. Self-study, learning the fundamentals of the academy, training under a teacher and working with fellow students... They are all great forms of stimuli.
After training all over Japan, I knew full well how much one could mature by internalizing those lessons.
I'm still unsure if I want to become a p｡tissi｢re. I wish to master candy art as an artisan.
In order to do that, I need to take advantage of what I learn here. In time, Master will pass his secrets onto me once I've matured...
Even after that, I wish to travel the world to hone my craft in different countries. This academy is a stepping stone for me.
I see. I want to travel more, too, and not in just Japan. I'd really like to go abroad and learn as much as I can...
Michiyo-san spoke passionately, which seemed in stark contrast to her usual cool demeanor.
Everyone is familiar with candy as a confection, but they aren't treated as fairly when compared to cakes or other western confections.
It is probably because they're not savored while drinking tea anymore, but eaten sparingly while walking, reading a book, or watching television.
I'm glad candy is so accessible, but I wish to expand and show people the true potential candy has...!
It had been so long since I'd seen Michiyo-san act like this, so all I could do was nod earnestly in response.
When I was young, my father took me to a festival where I saw candy art for the first time... When I laid eyes on it, it was like magic. It was{W:700} subtle{W:0} and beautiful...
I was so surprised, it filled me with an excitement I had never experienced before. I wished...
I wished, from the bottom of my heart, I could use magic, too. It was so lovely and wonderful, almost like a dream...
I want to relay those same feeling to others and help them see how wonderful candy art can be.
If I could share just a bit of the excitement I felt back then... Even if it's just a small fraction...
I'd imagine anyone would get excited if they saw the candy art statue you made today. I'm sure they will feel the same way you did when you were a kid.
As proof, even I went, "Whoa, that's amazing!" Almost like a little kid would...
I see. That's good, then. Heheh... 
But what about you, Yanushi? What do you want to become? Have you thought about your future?
Huh, me?
I was so caught up in the discussion about candy art, I didn't know what to say when she turned that question on me.
You're studying western confectionery, right? Are you aiming to become a p｡tissier?
R-Right, I've always wanted to make tasty sweets. All that mattered to me was that it was good, so I never put much thought into my future...
Making good sweets was all I ever thought about, and I'd be content if the universe allowed me to do that with my life. Nothing else really interested me.
But, I guess, I started thinking about it more lately. I don't really have the sort of dream you do, Michiyo-san... Haha...
Sharing something like that, all while looking her dead in the eye, was kind of embarrassing.
I was nuts about sweets. I didn't have much of a grasp of what I wanted to do in the future...
I see, you haven't decided yet... Then, how about you come with me?
Huh? 
I feel like you could do anything if we're together. Train with me, and travel around the world to hone your skills as a p｡tissier.
I need you, Yanushi... Please, be with me... Come with me! 
Wha? Huh? Aah, wha-whaaaaat?!
A-Aaaah?! Nnng, mmph, mmm...!
Before I knew it, Michiyo-san clung to me tightly and locked her lips with mine.
Michiyo-san... Aahn, mmph, aah...
But I, of course, had no reason to shake Michiyo-san off. 
