Ah. 
I later tiptoed to the office, opened the door, and turned on the light.
And when I walked inside, I found someone was there...
Hey, it's Kenta-kun. Whatcha up to? Did ya forget something here? 
Madam Chairwoman... Ah, no, there's this recipe I want to try out, so I was gonna change into my uniform... Sorry, I didn't know you were here, so I didn't knock. 
Surprisingly enough, the chairwoman was at the office. 
I'd guess there's a lot of stuff to verify when it comes to accounting, especially given our recent sales, so it wasn't that surprising that she was there.
Huh, you're gonna change and make something now? Ya work so hard! Your chairwoman approves.
Speakin' of hard work, your store's reputation is insane! I didn't expect things to go so well!
Thanks to that, all my problems are gone with the wind! Ahaha...
Um, I don't really follow, but it's okay as long as you're happy.
In other words, she was happy because our sales were good. If her financial concerns were alleviated, I was happy for her.
Happy? I'm as chipper as a kitty in a tub of cream! I've kept an eye on ya the whole time, but your skills as a p｡tissier are incredible!
Mhm! They don't call ya the greatest culinary genius in the academy's history for nothin'! I guarantee it! You're a super talented, genius p｡tissier!
What? No. I'm still inexperienced, and I've still got a long way to go after this...
She was always easygoing, but I felt embarrassed being showered with such praise. I decided to stick with my humility.
That's a good attitude to have! If ya intend to stick to and live by what you've just said, it means you're gonna become an even more amazin' p｡tissier in the future!
What? Sorry, that kind of went over my head, um...
What I mean is... If you think, "I'm not good enough. I'm gonna grow even more," then that means you still have room to grow.
The world is your oyster, my friend! If ya want to train more, it just means you're gonna be famous someday and rake in the big bucks, right?!
Um...
She wanted me to go out and make more money, but it also sounded like I was supposed to do that by working directly under her...
Yup, yup! That sounds wonderful! C'mon, Kenta-kun, let's get hitched! I'd love it if ya could spoil and support me.
That's a nice joke, Madam Chairwoman, but I'm afraid I must decline your proposal.
Huuuuh? Why?!
I wasn't usually fazed by her mindless blabbering, but the topic of marriage was one word I couldn't ignore.
I would've told her to knock it off before, but now that I had feelings for someone...
You see, there's... someone I'm in love with. If I'm going to get married, I'd want it to be with them... I'm sorry, but I can't marry you.
Aw well, whatevs. 
Anywho, get goin' and spread my academy's name for the rest of the exam period!
Ahaha...
As easygoing as ever. The chairwoman hadn't taken offense to me refusing her marriage proposal (?), nor did she seem to care that I was in love with someone.
...I guess I was nothing more than a worker ant that was fated to work for my queen (the chairwoman), with my only path being to give her tribute.
I'm gonna get back to my paperwork, then! Hmm, where did I stop, um...
Sorry for interrupting. See you.
Now that our talk was over, I got ready and changed into my uniform.
