Thank you for waiting. Here is your collaboration cake...
Female Customer A
Wow! Is this for real?! It looks like an ornament!
Female Customer B
So cute! Is it made of candy? 
Customers enthusiastically started taking pictures of the cake as soon as I brought out their orders.
Yes, it's candy art. It's made from centuries-old techniques. It's one-hundred percent edible, of course.
Female Customer A
Really? That's amazing... I didn't know you could do this much with candy, but eating it feels like such a waste...
Female Customer B
The cake's really pretty, too. Makes me wanna keep and use it as a decoration... 
If you would like a take your order home, please let us know and I can get you a box to carry it in.
The customers sighed in admiration and snapped pictures of the dessert with their smartphones.
This same scene occurred throughout the entire store. There was even a queue of people waiting to get in from outside.
(That's amazing. They're all here for us... Nono and Hana are keeping an eye on the line so they don't block foot traffic.)
(There were definitely more people here now than yesterday and the day before... Yeah, there was no mistaking it.)
More customers are coming in each and every day. I'm not imagining things, am I...? They're definitely increasing.
It's not your imagination. It's true, and our sales can back it up.
Huh? Oh, Nee-san... 
The store's reputation is growing... It's proof that word of your efforts is spreading.
Nee-san, who had apparently come to inspect the store, was standing behind me. 
...Inuyama's efforts with the collaboration cake are a big part of this success.
Ever since she enrolled, Inuyama's skill with candy art was far beyond that of an ordinary student. However, her abilities as a p｡tissi｢re were average at best.
She was selected as a candidate because of those very talents, which would prove to be a unique addition to our group.
Nee-san looked around the room with a satisfied look on her face and continued to speak.
It seems I made the right judgment call. Quite a few customers have come here specifically for Inuyama's candy art.
Such an attractive and elaborate Japanese design draws you in. Word has spread all over social media and message boards.
And all this traffic is the result of that. Yes, very well done, Inuyama... To think putting candy art together with cakes would result in this. 
I see... That's amazing, Michiyo-san... Yeah, you'd be hard-pressed to find a young artisan that can make candy art that well...
Mm, what are you saying? You're just as amazing as she is.
Huh?
Inuyama-san's candy art is nothing to scoff at, but your cake supports and elevates it to another level, Yanushi.
Your collaboration cake is the best-selling item on the menu, and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to call it the store's flagship product by now.
They would've garnered some popularity if it were either one or the other, but they wouldn't be nearly as successful as this.
When you put two culinary geniuses together, one plus one doesn't become two, but ten or twenty. Such a unique chemical reaction is what defines a good dynamic.
I hope you two will continue to work together without letting that talent go to your heads.
I will be going, then. Keep up the good work, you two...
Ah...
Nee-san had appeared out of the blue, said her piece, and promptly left.
She was like the wind... Anyway, I suppose that concluded her daily inspection?
(I guess everything would have to be going well for it to be this full... It seems kind of pointless to ask, "How's it going?" when it feels this good.)
Female Customer C
Whoa, amazing! Check it out, it's candy art!
Female Customer D
Really? That's so cool! How do you make something like this?!
Nee-san left and a batch of new, rowdy customers had taken her place. You could see how excited they were when they noticed the large candy art statue upon their arrival.
And further into the shop, you could hear the voices of customers praising the collaboration cake.
...Right, gotta do my best. 
An indescribable feeling welled up inside me. Not only was working with Michiyo-san fun, but it made me happy, too. She made me believe in the many possibilities my future could hold.
(If I'm with Michiyo-san, I could see a much wider world... I suppose. Who knows how far we'd be able to grow if we're together...)
That aside, how{W:700} did{W:0} I feel about Michiyo-san?
I mean, quite a bit of{W:700} stuff{W:0} had happened between us... The question of how she felt about me weighed heavily on my mind, and I wondered how I felt about her...
(How do I feel about Michiyo-san... No, there's no need to even ask myself that.)
When she ignored me with such visible disdain on her face, my heart ached. When we made up, my heart swelled with joy. When our bodies came together, shocks ran throughout my entire being...
All of those emotions guided me to my answer...
I...
I was in love with Michiyo-san...
