Onii-chan, we're almost out of the collaboration cake. When can you get the next one ready?
Ah, okay! I'll make some more, then. We still have a few left in stock, but I'll have some ready before those run out.
It's a new addition to our menu and we're already low on stock. This is pleasing news. In that case...
Yes, let's make the next one. With that said...
After receiving Nono's message, I began making more cakes and decorated them with Michiyo-san's adorable candy art.
Whoa, so pretty... and cute! It feels like a waste to eat them... The customers said as much, too.
Your cakes taste great as-is, and using candy art makes them even more beautiful than before... It's amazing!
It's a noticeable difference... I made candy art in class a few times, but I never thought they could be this refined...
After seeing these, there's no way I can back down now! I gotta do my best!
I'll polish my skills even more, and make something as cool as this...! I won't lose!
Ahaha... I didn't think we'd get this much praise from both the customers and other staff.
I smiled and watched a rather surprised and spirited-looking Nono walk away with the completed cakes.
Heheh... 
Michiyo-san was smiling beside me, too.
Thank you, Yanushi. You were the one who suggested adding our collaboration cake and candy piece to the menu.
It's all thanks to you for coming up with something we could do together. The combination of western confections and candy art was a surprisingly good one.
Aw, no need to thank me! Seeing how much fun you were having made me want to get a piece of the action, too!
I also thought we could make something great together.
Yanushi... 
Yes, heheh. You're exactly right... 
Yup, it's like I said! Using cute things to decorate pretty things would make it even better!
As we exchanged pleased smiles, someone showed up behind us. 
Yanushi-kun, Inuyama-san... I'm sorry, but could one of you head up front?
It doesn't look like the rush is gonna end any time soon, and we don't have enough staff to handle the customers. 
Gotcha, I'll go. 
Thank you, Yanushi. I'll keep working on the candy art, then. 
It's amazing, though... We've been packed for hours.
Yeah, we have been. People were lining up before we opened, too...
At Hana's urging to hurry up, I left the kitchen. 
