Our leisurely walk took us to a nearby park. 
We left the shop and found ourselves here after wandering around for a while. It was a good spot, all things considered, so we ended up walking in.
Aaah, what a day... It certainly is quiet around here at night.
It sure is. There were a few people outside the park, but there's hardly anyone playing around in the park at this hour.
Michiyo-san whispered to me as she scanned her surroundings. I took a seat beside her and replied back in a hushed voice.
The store has been quite successful as of late, and that's very encouraging. I didn't think we would ever serve so many customers.
Incidentally, the chairwoman said we've receved several interview requests from television and magazine outlets.
If the media reports on us, we can expect to see even more traffic. We've relied on word-of-mouth until now, but this is the mass media.
Right. If a local TV show gives us even a little publicity, it should draw in a lot of new customers. Being well-known is really important. 
Yes, publicity was very important to a business' success. We heaved pleasant sighs and smiled at one another.
It's very reassuring how well everything has been going. It makes me want to work even harder going forward.
I hope to someday hone my skills and travel around the world. However, seeing how well our business is doing makes me feel like it would be nice if everything stayed the same...
Mm?
Her voice grew deeper and lonelier.
No matter how much I wish for it, this summer vacation will eventually end, the store will close, and I'll have to return home to Hakata...
...Ah... 
I was quite startled after sitting down next to her and staring up at the sky in such a leisurely fashion.
It was such a natural and obvious conclusion, but I'd completely forgotten about it. 
Once summer vacation was over, Michiyo-san would go back home to Fukuoka, and we wouldn't be able to work together like we did now.
...I could go after her and apprentice under Master again, but it wouldn't be the same as right now.
I couldn't just quit school and move to Hakata, though... Which meant I'd have to spend some time away from her anyway.
Ugh...
That realization made my heart ache. These fun times could only exist in the here and now, and everything would soon come to an end.
Incidentally, Michiyo-san already confessed to me, so our feelings were mutual! I was still hesitant, though...
It was almost as if this romance was one-sided, and I felt hopeless knowing Michiyo-san would be going somewhere far away very soon.
I had no self-confidence when it came to her, nor did I have any idea on how to approach her.
...
Um...
I wonder if she felt the same way about me...
Maybe she didn't know what to do either. She loved me, but wasn't sure what to do next... I wonder if this was tormenting her, too.
(If she likes me... Then, yeah, she would feel that way. It would eat away at her, just like this...)
(Or maybe she had it even worse than I did... She confessed to me, but I had yet to give her a clear answer...)
Uhh...
In that case, not giving her a clear answer and leaving her high and dry like this was a pretty heartless thing to do, wasn't it?
Which meant I was a pretty nasty guy.
(I should tell her how I feel. Right here, right now... I need to respond to her feelings and tell her I lover her, too!)
She was brave enough to tell me that much, so I should be able to do the same as the guy in the relationship. More than anything, though, my feelings were running rampant.
(I love her so much, I can't stand it. I love her, I love her... But I don't know{W:700} how{W:0} to tell her.)
How could I tell her something like that? Saying the words was easy, but that alone wouldn't be enough to fully convey how I felt.
What should I do, then? How could I express my feelings properly, without leaving anything unsaid?
What could I do to achieve that? I wanted to express our feelings for each other...
(What I could do is... Yeah, I can do{W:700} that{W:0}...)
...It's gotten chilly. Should we head back? We have to get to work early tomorrow.
Aaah, yeah. That's right, let's go back... 
Are you unwell? You didn't catch a cold, did you?
N-No, don't worry. Sorry, I just got a little too comfortable and zoned out for a bit. Hahaha...
I was in such a daze, I hadn't noticed her staring at me.
We needed to head back. If I kept zoning out like that, she'd likely start to worry.
