I happened to be working at the Kitty Parlor that day, which meant I'd be around cats instead of dogs.
Aaah, having you around sure does make things easier, Kenta-kun! It's totally different when you're not here.
When I watch you work, it makes me want to give it everything I've got, too! Hehe.
You make everything go so smoothly, and you motivate the other employees to work hard, too! You're like the supporting pillar of the family... Or, more like, the store...
I'm happy to hear you say that, Senpai. Thank you. I'll do my best.
Senpai showered me with praise toward the end of the workday and when the customers were becoming scarce.
It made me really happy to hear that. I had no confidence in myself, and figured I'd only be getting in their way after working at the other cafe for so long. I guess there was nothing to worry about, though.
Is it really okay for you to be here, though? Beans Puppy has that super popular collaboration cake, after all.
I'm sure tons of people will go there just for that, so shouldn't you be there instead? I'm sure it's been really busy.
Don't worry, I made them enough cakes this morning to get them through the day.
Huh? Enough cakes to get them through the... Isn't that a lot? When did you wake up?
Well, it's not so much that I woke up early, but more that I didn't get any sleep. I had plenty of free time to do it.
What, you pulled an all-nighter?! Are you all right? That means you haven't slept in over twenty-four hours... You must be exhausted...
Nah, I'm fine. Pulling an all-nighter or two is nothing with how much energy I've got. I feel unstoppable right now...!
I didn't want to worry anyone and avoided sharing that information, but I told her since she asked.
Senpai, unsurprisingly, grew worried for me. I felt bad for putting her in that position...
I really was fine, though. Not sleeping for an extended period would be bad, of course, but pulling an all-nighter or two was totally doable.
Hmm... Make sure to get plenty of sleep tonight, okay? All the effort you put in would be for nothing if you were to get sick.
Keep up the good work, but don't force yourself, Kenta-kun! Go rest if you start feeling tired, and make sure to sleep well tonight.
Yes, ma'am! I'm sorry if I made you worry, but I'll work hard until we close!
It was just one more push, and I felt like I had enough energy to do more and more.
I didn't want to trouble my kind Senpai any further, so I continued working until it was time to close.
