Today was another busy day with a steady flow of customers.
Michiyo-san and I were all alone after we closed up shop for the day.
...So, what did you want to talk about? Everyone's gone back already. 
...I, um, wanted you to eat this. It's my latest creation, and I've been working on it for a while now.
I asked Michiyo-san to stay behind after the store closed, which was when I presented her the cake with a big smile on my face.
Huh, a new cake...? I thought you weren't going to unveil it?
Yeah, I'm not. I made this cake just for you, and I won't be sharing with anyone{W:700} but{W:0} you.
...Just for me?
Yeah, I made this cake in your image. I put all of my feelings into making it...
H-Hmm... You made your new cake in my image...? I don't really understand, but I'll try it. The decorations are simple but subtle, and it has a very delicate shape...
It truly is a beautiful sweet. If you say you made it in my image, I'm afraid I can only say you have an unrealistic view of me. I'll try it, then...
She didn't seem to get what I meant, but her flushed cheeks showed that she at least understood my feelings.
If I were to say, "Michiyo-san, I dedicate this love song to you!" She'd be the type to stare blankly and ask, "Why are you singing?"
With that said, even she could tell that the flowery cake set before her was filled with my special feelings.
You made a cake in my image...? Such a waste... Well, I'll have a taste then. 
Michiyo-san extended her fork toward the beautiful cake.
Nng, nn...
...How is it?
Kuh, uu...
Ah...
Tears trailed down Michiyo-san's face the moment it touched her tongue.
I didn't think it'd move her to tears, but maybe it was just{W:700} that{W:0} good.
Wh-Why is this... so good? I can't... stop crying, though... Ooh... Ouh...
Was it the cake's fault that I was moved to tears...? I'm so touched, yet I can't stop crying... Ah, aaah...
I'm so glad... I'm happy you liked it so much, even if it made you cry. I thought you were crying because it was bad, haha...
That's exactly why. No one could possibly ever claim that this cake tastes bad...
Michiyo-san seemed perplexed by her own behavior and began to shove the cake into her mouth.
She wasn't the type to lie, pretend, or give compliments, so I was seeing Michiyo-san's true and honest feelings.
Such a kind flavor... You made this in my image? This is how you feel about me, Yanushi...?
Yes, that's exactly right. That's what you look like from my perspective. 
Beautiful and dignified, but soft and kind, with a strong flavor...
And that's why I love you. I love you, Michiyo-san. 
Yanushi... I'm so happy... Uwah, I never thought I'd ever end up eating a cake and crying at the same time...
I've never eaten a cake this good before, though... In my eyes, nothing can rival it. It's the Ultimate Sweet...
Aaaah, thank you, Yanushi... For feeling this way about me, and for telling me you love me... Mmm, it's so good...!
Ahaha... It made me really happy when you said you loved me, too...
Crying while laughing and laughing while crying, Michiyo-san happily consumed the cake. I watched her and could feel my own eyes growing hot.
Thank you, Yanushi... Your feelings definitely reached me... Aaah, it's so good. So good, in fact, I'd love to ask for another...
Don't worry, I have two more ready. I'll bring them out after you finish this one.
We snuggled up to one another and smiled.
...Well, I suppose we're in love. We're officially lovers now, huh?
Mmm... That's right. With this, we're officially... 
And so, at the same time, we pulled each other into a tight embrace...
