After professing our feelings to one another, Michiyo-san and I were officially lovers. The time we spent together was full of joy, excitement, and fulfillment.
Yanushi. 
Michiyo-san. 
We made more collaboration cakes after that, and our business thrived.
A TV show did a cover story on us, and Beans Puppy became a den of busy little doggies! And, just like that, time passed by in the blink of an eye...
And before I knew it, the final day of the Candidate Exam was upon us. 
And... 
This year's MVPs are... And I'm sure this comes as no surprise for anyone...
Yanushi Kenta and Inuyama Michiyo. I trust no one objects? 
No objections here!
Of course not. Congratulations, you two!
I totally agree! Congratulations!
I knew it'd be you, Onii-chan! Of course I have no objections! Congrats!
There is no reason to object. We all unanimously agree, and no one would think to challenge the decision. Congratulations, you two.
Yes... we did it! 
Nee-san showed up at the store and announced it. 
Unable to hold back, I bent forward and shouted with joy, then grasped Michiyo-san's hand tightly.
Ah, yes, this is a very joyous occasion, but... I understand why you won, but is it... is it really all right that I won, too?
Congratulations, Michiyo-san! We're{W:700} both{W:0} MVPs. There are two MVPs every year!
Y-Yes, so it seems... But I just don't understand... why I won, too.
But congratulations, Yanushi! It's all thanks to you... All thanks to you that I also won.
I was so moved, I nearly pulled Michiyo-san into a tight embrace with tears in my eyes. However, I held back given our current company.
I'm an MVP, too... What was the reasoning behind it?
Michiyo-san seemed to have doubts about being crowned MVP.
Everyone agreed and were pleased with the results. You seem confused, Inuyama, but the reason you won was because of the collaboration cake.
Ah...
I wouldn't have won without your help, too, Michiyo-san. I think that's why{W:700} both{W:0} of us got this far.
...I see. We were awarded this prize because we worked together... I suppose I can agree with that.
What Nee-san and I said seemed to have convinced her, but she looked anxious all the same.
Good, glad to see everyone is in agreement. Now, in regards to your individual rewards...
In other words, the prize! 
The chairwoman popped up from Nee-san's side. 
A world-famous p｡tisserie liked ya and wanted ya to work for them. That okay?
If ya want to put your name out there, then this is your best shot!
Of course, I'll take it! 
Yes, I will take it as well...!
Michiyo-san and I raised our hands and almost replied simultaneously.
There was no need to consult each other on the topic.
We both knew what the other was thinking. We wanted to stay together, so the answer was obvious.
We would go and train, together. Even if we were to go overseas, we'd work in the same store and always be together both in our personal and professional lives.
Which meant we had no reason to refuse the offer, much less confirm it with each other first.
