Time flew by...
After being crowned MVP, Michiyo-san and I left to work in a world-famous store overseas and continued to train.
Not long after did we set out in the world. We traveled from one famous store to the next in an effort to polish our skills and make a name for ourselves. And then...
We did it, Michiyo!
Yes, we finally did it, Kenta...!
After traveling, training, and being awarded many achievements, we came together and challenged a p｡tissier in the International Cooking Competition.
Our collaborative sweets and painstaking efforts led to our victory against culinary experts and earned us the grand prize.
We nestled together during the award ceremony, accepted our trophy, and smiled happily as we took our commemorative picture.
Recently, we'd taken to calling each other by our first names. Considering how long we had been lovers, we got used to it fairly quickly.
We'd called each other by our first names before, but utilized honorifics. It honestly felt like there was some distance between us because of it.
...After this, let's always get along. I could never replace an amazing partner like you, Michiyo. Both in my career and life.
Yes. I hope we always get along, too. Or rather, that we get along even better than before...
So, yes, let us always treat each other well... Always, to the very end.
We chuckled and whispered to each other as we had our picture taken.
An engagement ring sparkled on Michiyo's ring finger.
That ring signified that we would always be together and closer than ever before.
Y'know, taking a picture in front of a cake kind of feels like a wedding ceremony.
Speaking of, what should we do for our wedding? Do we go back to Japan, or...?
Why not use the caf｣ the chairwoman is running? We can have the wedding at a temple or a church, and hold the reception at the caf｣...
That's a good idea, I'm sure the chairwoman will appreciate the publicity, ahaha...
We quietly spoke of our wedding and reception plans so others wouldn't hear.
With many busy days ahead of us, we decided to postpone the wedding a bit. We moved in together following the engagement and felt that being married had little impact on us overall.
Our training continued, but maybe one day we'd settle down and open our own store.
Or, maybe, we'd get married, travel the globe, and renovate struggling businesses as two world-famous p｡tissiers.
We discussed those kinds of crazy ideas.
Kenta.
Michiyo... 
No matter what path we took, I could do anything so long as we were together. For now, I suppose we'd go around the world and train together.
Thank you, Kenta. I don't think I would amount to much without you by my side. No matter where I go or what I do, I always enjoy myself.
Let's get along, always. No, let's get to know each other even better and on a deeper level... If we're together, we can...
In place of a reply, I took her slender hand in mine and squeezed it with a smile.
With Michiyo by my side, I'd enjoy and be happy with my life no matter where I was. We'd go around the world and elevate each other to new heights.
I always wanted to be with her.
But I already knew that was never going to change. It was, without a doubt, an irrefutable fact.
