Work was over for the day, and the others returned the dorm after locking up.
Phew, wow... Today was intense.
And so, the only ones left behind were me and...
...Yanushi. 
Michiyo-san looked around the store, confirming there was no one left, and walked up to me.
I've got something to talk to you about. Are you free?
Yes, of course. 
Michiyo-san smiled, but she still looked quite nervous.
And of course, I was excited, too. I couldn't hold back a smile as I spread my arms out to greet her.
You've been getting along really well with Nekojou recently... Um... Are you two going out, as lovers? 
Huh?
My eyes went wide at that sudden question.
She wanted to talk about something, so I figured she'd either scold me or consult on a serious matter...
What do you say? Are you and Nekojou lovers, or not...?
No, I'm not going out with her. We're not lovers... 
I see... So you're not... 
Yeah, well, um... A lot has happened, but we're not going out, yeah... If I had to say, I guess we're... um, friends...?
I heard Michiyo-san hide a small "oh" behind her exasperated sigh.
But...
But?
Michiyo-san's relieved expression was short-lived, as it was replaced by an intense, unwavering gaze and she asked me point-blank:
...Nekojou herself tells me of the many times you've made love to her, in painstaking detail, I might add...
Erm...
Hina had a troublesome habit of saying anything and everything that goes through her mind, even if she meant well.
She wasn't trying to steal me away from Michiyo-san, either. If anything, she wanted to have{W:700} both{W:0} of us at the same time...
Nekojou isn't as blunt as me. She's kind and gentle, and would be a better partner than me...
Huh? No, I think you're a wonderful, honest person, Michiyo-san...
But even I... Even someone like me can't simply stand by and watch! I cannot simply relinquish you to Nekojou without putting up a fight!
What?!
Michiyo-san ignored my reply and cut me off with a shout.
It seemed the conversation was headed in an entirely different direction, as far as she was concerned...
I can do it, too... I won't lose! I don't want to lose to Nekojou...!
Uh, um, so what... does that mean? You say you can't stand by and watch, that you won't lose, so...
It means sex! I'm going to h-have sex with you!
Huh?
Hey, Yanushi! Do it... with me. Have sex with me, j-just like you do with Nekojou...!
What, huh?! That's what you meant?!
It finally clicked, but she'd already grabbed my arm and started tugging me along.
Come, Yanushi... It's time for a match... Not between you and me, but between me and Nekojou...
Just come with me! I won't let you run away. This is a match between you and me, fair and square!
Huh, aah, um, uh, well... 
Before I could process what was going on, she grabbed me by the arm again and clung to me tightly. And then...
