Hinana-chan, could you please take care of the customers at the register? They've been waiting!
Of course!
How's making the Kitty Parlor blend coming along, Makoto-chan?
Give me thirty more seconds. 
Kenta-kun, we need two of the no-bake cheesecakes! 
Coming right up! 
The Kitty Parlor was swarming with people today.
We were busier than ever, and were starting to see a steady stream of customers from outside the academy. That was great news in and of itself, but this was a bit too much!
I-If only we had one more staff member to help out...
I agree, but... There's not much we can do about that...
That's when it happened...
Yes, welcome to the Kitty Parlor! 
Wait... Ugh, I can't leave this alone. Kenta, I'm sorry, could you handle it? 
Sure thing. 
I walked up to the front of the store, ready to take an order, when... 
Booooo~
...Huh, Madam Chairwoman?! 
I came face-to-face with PochiTama's chairwoman, who was lying down in a customer's booth.
What are you doing, Madam Chairwoman?!
Aaaaah...? What do ya think people come to a caf｣ for, doofus? To eat beef bowls, or something?
Huh? No, I mean, what about the customers?
Meh! I came here to check up on ya, so gimme cake!
You can't say that!
Huh? Why not?
Can't you see how busy we are...? 
Stop whinin' about how your business is boomin' and bring me some cake!
...Jeez, why did she have to show up now, of all times?
I turned on my heels, mumbling complaints to myself.
...
Thank you for waiting. Here is the special Kitty Parlor cheesecake.
I presented the chairwoman with her food with a frown on my face.
Mmm, good job.
The chairwoman, by contrast, seemed ecstatic. 
Omomomomomom... Mmm, so good!
Glad to hear it... Um, Madam Chairwoman, you said you came here for an inspection, right? How did we do...?
Awhat? 
The chairwoman looked up at me, seeming perplexed. I could almost see a question mark forming over her head.
...
...Oh, right! Yeah, ya pass. 
With that off-handed remark, she sank back into her seat.
_She totally forgot!
She made that up so she could eat our food! How does someone like that function...?!
No, forget that. 
U-Um, Madam Chairwoman, you've got cream around your mouth. 
Huh, is that right...? Just ignore it and get back to work.
What... the hell?
The chairwoman rolled around on the seats like a three-year-old, as if to say she had concluded her business here.
I know "rolling around" was technically a thing, but I've never seen someone{W:700} actually{W:0} do it before...
The chairwoman was so immature, my astonishment quickly maxed out and rolled over to just plain admiration.
Do you have a second, Kenta-kun?
Sure.
I turned to face Senpai and found her opening the cash register.
I don't know how, but we're low on change today... See? We don't have any one thousand or five thousand yen bills...
Oh, you're right. 
I nodded after checking the cash register myself. 
Would you mind getting us some change?
Okay. 
With that, I walked out of the store.
