...And so, I returned to the Kitty Parlor... 
Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll...
Meeeeeeh...
Whoa... She's still doing it, just like when I saw her on the monitor.
Hey, Kenta-kun, where's the money?
I handed the change over to Senpai, who was standing near the cash register, and posed a question to her.
Yeah, sorry. Hey, has the chairwoman been like this the whole time...?
...
Senpai shrugged. 
Meh... Hmhmhm... 
Yeah... No way was she a genius... 
Mmmm? 
The chairwoman noticed my gaze and turned toward me.
Huh? Did ya say somethin'? That look on your face is sayin', "Is this the allure of a mature, adult woman?!"
Nope. I was actually thinking, "There's no way she's a genius!"
I replied frankly. 
Heheheh... You're still wet behind the ears, Kenta-kun. Dont'cha know that wise men keep their talents on reserve?
No, that doesn't sound entirely credible if you ask me...
See, that's why you're wet behind the ears! I'm always chargin' muh batteries for the day when I show em' what I've got! When that time comes, I'll deliver. Workin' hard all the time is a waste of energy!
I swear, the only thing she was{W:700} actually{W:0} good at was talking a big game.
Dont'cha know that a chairwoman's job is to represent the organization as a whole, and manage it as a business? In other words, the chairwoman is the face of the entire institution!
...Didn't Nee-san say that when she was lecturing you earlier?
Tch... Ya keep rememberin' stuff you're better off forgettin'.
She also said that you're a lazy dimwit who won't do her job, and you've made our public image look just as dimwitted.
Tsk, tsk, tsk... So ya say, but you're gonna have a hard time findin' anyone as talented as moi, Kenta-kun!
Right... I had heard something along those lines earlier.
I recalled Nee-san's story. 
No, wait a second.
I had cake for brains, but the chairwoman was responsible for managing the academy.
Maybe I was just jumping to conclusions, and she had some kind of hidden talent when it came to this line of work...?
Ya hear that, Kenta-kun?
I'm the symbol of this academy, and reign from the tippy-top! I'm actually a really big deal!
No, I knew that... I was just asking if you have any{W:700} actual{W:0} skills to back that up.
Skills? Of course I do!
Huh...? Did that mean...?
Hmm, Fumiko-sensei said that you accomplished a lot back when you were a student at the academy...?
You're well informed, Kenta-kun! That's right, back when I was a student here... 
The chairwoman began to speak with a distant, nostalgic look in her eyes.
An unprecedented crisis befell PochiTama P｡tissier Academy! There was an invasion from planet Bonpuree, the third planet of the seventh solar system of Geperoncho...!
Huh?
The Chairman of the Earth Federation, Slack Apope, ordered his army to defend the planet. However, Earth was powerless against the Bonpureeians' superior technology!
Um, Madam Chairwoman...?
That was when a modest student, Nekotama Rui, found the manual to Earth's secret weapon: The Bunzam.
Havin' activated the Bunzam, Rui faced off against the Bonpurians' forces with a beam saber in hand...!
Um, no... You got the name of the evil aliens mixed up... 
Settin' aside my dark, secret past for a moment...
Wow, you're actually sticking to that story...
I've got a good eye for people! If I didn't, ya would've been kicked out of the academy ages ago for truancy!
Huh...?
I was taken aback as the conversation was suddenly turned on me.
D-Don't make fun of me. I was traveling across Japan back then, but I'm working as hard as I can now.
Oh? I heard somethin' about you sneakin' out of the store not three days ago!
Th-That's... Um, I heard they opened a new bakery in the next town over...
Hehehe, get it now? The only reason you're here is because I've been lenient.
Ugh... 
I couldn't come up with a snappy comeback, and fell silent.
That's how the cookie crumbles, bucko. What I'm getting at is, we're a lot alike.
Huh...?
Once again, I was at a loss for words.
No... My truancy and her laziness were completely different. I thought they were, at least...
I guess we were both similarly free-spirited when it came down to school traditions and the like.
Hmm...
The chairwoman stared me down, as if she were looking for something interesting.
Even so, wasn't she still a good-for-nothing?
What? Why are ya starin' at me with such a{W:700} passionate{W:0} look on your face?
N-No, I'm not staring at you...
Were ya swayed by my adult charms? Are ya in love with me? Heheh!
No... Um, how do I put it... 
Yeah, she's definitely a good-for-nothing. 
Anyway, I'll be off. Excuse me. 
I gave her a quick bow and made my escape.
Wait up, where are ya going?! We had such a good vibe goin'!
I've got work to do.
With that, I retreated into the kitchen.
