...
...
...
I made my way to the chairwoman's office.
I'd normally exchange money elsewhere, but doing it here would be faster given it was such a low sum.
Come in.
Excuse me...
Oh, Yanushi. Do you need something?
Nee-san greeted me, lifting her eyes from the paperwork. 
We just need to exchange some money... 
Hm, I see. 
Nee-san casually placed a small cash box onto the desk and tossed me the key.
Thank you. 
I opened it and exchanged the larger bills in my hand for the smaller denominations inside the cash box.
Yanushi. 
Yes?
It seems the chairwoman went to the store. 
Huh? How did you know?
Look. 
Nee-san turned the monitor on the desk toward me.
It showed a live feed from the Kitty Parlor via webcam, detailing our every move. In one particular corner of the room...
...was the chairwoman, who was rolling around endlessly in her seat.
I'm surprised she isn't getting bored of this.
Nee-san almost looked impressed. 
Well, she claimed she was coming over for an inspection and ordered food...
She was lying. 
Nee-san cut the chairwoman's story down mercilessly. 
She simply wanted to eat a tasty dessert. It had nothing to do with an inspection.
I-I knew it... 
As you can see, the chairwoman will skip out on her work and do as she pleases if left to her own devices. Please refrain from feeding her in the future.
Refrain from... 
Stifling my exasperation, I took this chance to ask Nee-san a question. 
What made her such a lazy bum in the first place? 
Hm... 
Nee-san removed her glasses and rubbed her eyes in an exhausted gesture. 
She wasn't like this back when we were students at the academy...
Before I could even process{W:700} that{W:0} statement, I had to wrap my head around the fact that they were the same age first.
She didn't look or act her age in the slightest...
She even graduated at the top of our class at the academy, too... No, even that doesn't do her justice.
Nee-san muttered and slid her glasses back onto her face.
There was a time when the academy's performance was at an all-time low, and had to be bailed out by an American brokerage firm.
Um, you say she was really skilled as a student, but I can't imagine it. No matter how you look at her, the chairwoman is practically useless...
Yes, she most certainly is. She's a genius, but useless as a human being.
A genius...? Is she one of those dumb geniuses or something?
What are you saying? Yanushi, the only reason you're considered the greatest culinary genius in the academy's history is because Rui isn't bothering to try.
Huh...? D-Does that mean the chairwoman is better than{W:700} me{W:0}...?
If she weren't... I wouldn't have discovered the extent of my own skills.
...Huh?
F-Forget it, ahem. She would likely eclipse you if she were to put her mind to it.
If that's true, I wanted to try eating one of the chairwoman's cakes.
If... If she was capable of making a cake that's better than mine... I wanted to try it. I wanted to challenge her. 
My cake-obsessed spirit burned with excitement.
The flame may have been ignited, but...
...I certainly doubt she would put in the effort and do it, though.
Nee-san replied with a shrug.
...What, is this some kind of punchline?! 
Not at all. I merely made an educated conjecture.
Oh... 
The emotions that welled up inside me suddenly began to wither.
Nee-san praised her, but... I couldn't imagine the chairwoman actually making anything herself.
Nee-san was always so stoic, but I suppose even she viewed her friend in a positive light... 
That's when I realized Nee-san had been calling her "Rui" instead of her formal title, "Madam Chairwoman."
I couldn't help but smile. It was nice to see Nee-san acting like a normal person once in a while.
What are you doing? If you're done exchanging money, get back to work. 
Yes, ma'am~
With that enthusiastic reply, I left the office.
