...
Without noticing, I somehow lost myself and became fully engrossed in my work.
I'd apparently worked through the night and eventually left the store.
Given how late it was, the dining hall was likely closed.
I doubt I'd have trouble falling asleep tonight... Before heading back to the dorms, I grabbed some cooked pasta from the local convenience store.
By combining whatever ingredients were left in the fridge, I could likely dress the pasta with canned tuna, bacon, or asparagus...
As I walked by the chairwoman's office, weighing my food options...
???
Ahahahaha! Heeheehee!
Mm...?
???
It's almost time... Tomorrow... That's why!
???
This will be easy-peasy! Ahahah!
Was that... the chairwoman and Nee-san?
Their office door was slightly ajar.
And when I peered inside...
Heeheehee! Ahahaha!
Was this the infamous "Girls' Talk" that I'd heard so much about?
No, it was more like a "drinking party."
Gulp, gulp... phew!
Maaaan, knockin' one back after a hard day's work sure hits the spot!
You could drink every day if you actually did some work.
Ya don't get it, Fuumin. It tastes good{W:700} because{W:0} I only drink once in a blue moon! It'd be no fun if I did it every day.
Tch... 
What was that for? Oh, we're runnin' out of snacks.
Should we call it quits?
No way! Could ya swing by the convenience store and hook me up with some snacks, Fuumin?
Tch...
Nee-san clicked her tongue again and stood up.
I swear, Rui, you've gotta learn how to be more independent.
Hmm? Why should I, when you've always taken such great care of me?
Good grief...
Nee-san sighed, realizing there was no way she was going to fix the chairwoman's bad habits.
It seemed... oddly nostalgic to me.
Nee-san was normally quite stiff and formal, but reverted to a casual speech pattern. How many years has it been since I had heard her talk like that...?
Hmm...?
Ah...?!
I accidentally cried out.
I had been so lost in thought, I hadn't noticed Nee-san leaving the room while I was still standing in front of the door.
Are you spying on us, Yanushi?
N-No, I wasn't...
Hmm? Is that Kenta-kun?
The chairwoman rose from her seat and walked over to me.
Oho! You've got some of the good stuff!
She pointed toward the convenience store bag I was holding, which contained the cooked pasta I had bought.
I wouldn't call it "the good stuff."
But if you're touchin' it, then I'd bet ya could work some magic and make it somethin' real good!
Th-That's not...
Maaaan! I'm lookin' forward to tomorrow's briefin'. I'll expose your weird spyin' hobbies to the rest of the world!
...Why, you!
Give it up. She won't budge no matter what you do. Just make her some food, Kenta.
Y-Yes ma'am!
...
...And so, I went back to my dorm room and hastily made pasta for the three of us. 
Talk about unfair, though...
Nee-san would go back to the way she used to be whenever she was alone with the chairwoman, and I couldn't say no to her when she was like that...
Yes, here you go!
Oooh! Lookin' good! Ah, Fuumin, what about the wine?
...
Nee-san pointed at a bottle of wine in a convenience store bag with a scowl on her face. 
I could only imagine{W:700} that{W:0} particular exchange. She probably said something like, "You can't have pasta without wine!" and convinced Nee-san into buying it.
All righty, here's yours!
The chairwoman handed me a glass. 
...Madam Chairwoman! Do not solicit your students to drink alcohol! 
You're not drinkin' with me, though...
That's right, Nee-san didn't drink alcohol. She was currently drinking  a glass of oolong tea with ice.
No... Between the three of us, it would be far more problematic if{W:700} you{W:0} got caught drinking, Rui...
Huh? But I'm off-duty right now!
No, that's not what I meant. Well, that's also a problem, but I meant you don't look old enough to drink...
Huh? No matter how ya look at it, I'm an adult woman. 
Aha... Ahahaha...
See, see! I wouldn't be able to drink so much if I weren't an adult!
The Chairwoman poured both beer and wine into her glass and gulped it down.
Madam Chairwoman... That's the kind of thing a mother would get angry at her grade school kid for...
For starters, you usually get blackout drunk. Have some moderation, for heaven's sake.
Ahahahaha! I've got this, I've gooot this!
The chairwoman sipped at her weird beer and wine cocktail, as if trying to ascertain if it actually tasted good or not.
Haa...
But, you know. 
I suddenly recalled something and opened my mouth.
The way the chairwoman worked today was really impressive...
Yes, now's my chance. 
I wanted to expose the chairwoman's abilities as a p｡tissi｢re.
Nah, I worked my butt off for the first time in forever, so I'm pretty beat!
I was shocked. I had no idea you were so talented, Madam Chairwoman.
Mmmhmmhmm... Do you get it now?
It's a shame you won't work like this every day, though. 
As I said before, I'm keepin' my skills under wraps for when it counts! I can't give it my all every day...
No, it's just... I'd really like to try your cakes sometime, Madam Chairwoman...
I can sympathize, but... you'd do well not to expect Rui to work hard. 
I thought I had piqued her interest, but... Suddenly, a thought crossed my mind and I turned toward the Chairwoman.
...Why did you decide to become chairwoman?
Well, cuz it's an easy job...
Huh? What do you mean...?
Well, I wanted the job ever since I was a kid! My mom raked in the big bucks by bossin' people around, and I thought that's all the job was about.
Huh...?
The former chairwoman of our academy was Rui's mother.
H-Huh... 
I worked real hard so I wouldn't lose to my siblings...
Huh?
Rui has three brothers and sisters. 
O-Oh... 
No way were my siblings gonna steal such a cushy job from me, so I had to stand out and seem like I was super talented.
I worked my butt off when I was a student, and even graduated at the top of my class. I eventually became the chairwoman, just like I wanted.
After what felt like a lifetime's worth of work, I could finally spend the rest of my days without a care in the world! Or so I thought...
But this job isn't all that it's cracked up to be. There are meetins' all the time. It's fraud, I say!
Well, yeah. It's not just about bossing people around...
I told you all of this before. There's no such thing as a free ride!
No, no! I wanna play more, and I want people to pamper meeee!
Haa...
A sigh escaped Nee-san's lips. 
Whooooa... 
I, on the other hand, was amazed.
The chairwoman was a lazy waste of space, and I was astonished by it.
Hey, hey, Fuumin. I wanna start workin' on my next life plan. D'ya think there's anyone around that would take care of me~? 
Huh? Aren't you the one who said that, "Men are a huge drag, I don't need 'em"?
Well... that hasn't changed. I started thinkin' that men are an easy source of revenue!
Don't know, don't care. Just go out and get married or something.
Magazines make marriage huntin' look super annoyin'. Dont'cha know an heir of a big company, like an oil tycoon? Maybe you're friends with some politician's lover?
I don't!
...I was getting tired of listening to a bunch of no-good adults, so I snuck out as quickly as I could.
