Hinana-chan, we've got customers waiting, please go take their orders!
Okay!
How's the hot oolong tea coming along, Makoto-chan?
It will be done in twenty-five seconds.
Kenta-kun, we need two G｡teau au Chocolat.
On it!
The Kitty Parlor was packed today.
We were busier than ever, and were starting to see a steady stream of customers from outside the academy. That was great news in and of itself, but this was a bit too much!
I-If only we had one more staff member to help out...
I agree, but... There's not much we can do about that...
Makoto, who was normally as cool as a cucumber, was slightly on edge.
That's when it happened...
Is that...
Kenta-kun, I'm sorry... Can you handle it?
M-Me again...?
I moaned and groaned, and went to take the order...
As expected, the one who came in was...
Um... You're doing this again, Madam Chairwoman?
Mmmhmm... Ah, Kenta-kun, yahoo!
No, don't "yahoo!" me.
Well, anywho, I want whatever that couple over there ordered. Kay, thanks! Bye~
Oh. Fine, fine...
Unable to oppose her, I presented the chairwoman with a G｡teau au Chocolat. 
...
Omomomomomomom... 
Watching the chairwoman, whose lips and face were covered in chocolate, devour the cake in front of her made me realize that a three-year-old likely had better table manners than she did.
It's par for the course at this point, but did the chairwoman{W:700} actually{W:0} do any work?
What? You've got a look on your face that says, "It's par for the course at this point, but did the chairwoman{W:700} actually{W:0} do any work?"
H-How did you know?! 
Listen up! This is an exam, and{W:700} I'm{W:0} the one evaluatin'{W:700} you{W:0}!
Could you actually give us a fair assessment in this situation, though?
For sure!
The chairwoman answered, puffing up her non-existent chest. 
No... I definitely think you could be doing a better job of evaluating us...
Are ya sayin' I'm not workin' hard?
Are you trying to say you are? 
Jeez, Kenta-kun. I'm bein' plenty serious about work! But damn, your cake is supah yummy!
Haa... Thank you very much... 
Oh, right! 
Yes?
I heard the store partnered up with Miyazaki's farm recently?
Yes, we use their ingredients to make tartes.
Oooh, tartes? 
The chairwoman's eyes sparkled in response.
I actually just started making one to add to the menu... Still would be if you hadn't shown up...
Huh?
I thought I'd try making one since I had some free time, but it's been really busy today...
Oh... So you're the one makin' it?
Yes.
What kind is it? What's in it?
Well, it uses mango and oranges... 
That sounds supah tasty already!
You bet. Like I said, I'm the one making it.
Schlp...
The chairwoman began salivating visibly. 
Um... Please stop drooling on your seat... 
Gimme!
Anyway, I actually need time to work on it and I can't make it if you're interrupting me!
Am not!
I haven't had time to finish making it!
Huuuuuh?! But you're makin' it sound like it's my fault! Booooo!
Glad you finally understand...
Hey, I'll raise your grades if ya give it to me!
No way... That would be cheating if you did that.
Meeeeh! Of course Fuumin's cousin would be a goody two-shoes, too!
Oh well, I guess. I'll keep working on it in secret later and eat it all on my own!
Hmm...
The chairwoman sulked like a child. 
Hey, Kenta-kun, how long would it take ya to make that tarte?
Let me think... I did all the prep work, so probably another thirty minutes or so?
Okay!
The chairwoman suddenly stood up.
Sh-She's standing... She's staaaanding! 
Who d'ya think ya are, Dr. Frankenstein?! 
Could you blame me? The moment you plop down, nothing could make you get up!
Hehehe... It's all for that new tarte's sake, so you left me no choice!
With that said, the chairwoman left the store. 
Huh...?
I stood there for a long moment and watched her retreating.
Kenta-kun, if you got rid of the chairwoman, we could use some help here!
Beckoned by Senpai's voice, I returned to the kitchen. 
That's amazing, Ken-chan, you managed to defeat Ruirui!
Ooh, what kind of black magic did you use to do that?
No, I didn't really do anything special... 
I'm not really sure what did the trick, either.
Where{W:700} did{W:0} the chairwoman go, anyway? There was no point worrying about every little thing she did, though.
With that thought in mind, I got back to work.
Female Customer A
Aaaaaaaaah, such a cutie!
Female Customer B
Ooooh! S-So cute!
I heard a commotion from the front of the store.
Wh-What's going on...? 
K-Kenta-kun, is that... Did you do that?! 
Senpai, who was busy serving customers, rushed into the kitchen with flushed cheeks.
Huh?
I walked out to the front of the store, and...
Ooooooooooooooh?! 
The sight before me defied all reason and imagination.
Female Customer B
Are you new here? You're so cute!
Heheheh... Me, cute? You've got a good pair of eyes on ya, tutz! 
That's... the chairwoman!
After leaving the store earlier, she went back and changed into a Kitty Parlor uniform!
What made it even more unbelievable was watching her run around with several cats in tow and sweat dripping down her forehead from{W:700} WORKING{W:0}!!
Wh-What's going on...? Is the world going to end?! Are the end of days upon us?!
D-Don't ask me... 
Sh-She's amazing, Ken-chan...
Hina gushed in admiration at the chairwoman's efforts.
She's been a huge help, given how busy it's been. It doesn't feel right for the chairwoman to do this, though...
I knew it... Your black magic caused this...!
Th-That's not... 
The chairwoman likely heard our excited musings and turned to face us.
Hey, what are ya standin' around for, Kenta-kun? I'm only helpin' out 'cause ya wanted to work on that tarte!
Huh...?
C'mon, go make the tarte!
Oh... The chairwoman was only helping out because she wanted to eat the tarte...
Well, if that's how things were going to be, then I needed to live up to her expectations!
I turned around and returned to the kitchen. 
...
And so, I silently toiled away on my dish in the kitchen...
Welcome! 
Female Customer C
Aaaah, it's so cute! 
Female Customer D
The kitty's so used to her! 
I could hear the customers' cheers from all the way in the back of the store.
It made sense, though... The chairwoman{W:700} was{W:0} cute. So long as they were oblivious to her "unique" personality, I could understand why they'd fuss over her.
Mulling over that thought, I continued shaping the tarte... 
W-We have a problem!
Senpai rushed into the kitchen in a panic.
A-A stampede of high school girls are flooding the store!
Huh?
W-We need three G｡teau au Chocolat, two no-bake cheesecakes, a chiffon cake, one macaron, a mont blanc, and a raspberry flan!
B-But I'm too busy to make a mont blanc and flan right now...!
I know, but the customers said they'd wait...
A-All right! 
I felt bad, but I'd have to postpone the chairwoman's tarte for later and prioritize the customers' orders...
Just when I'd made that decision...
???
Hmmhmmhmmhmm... 
Wh-Who's there...!?
???
Number one, likes cakes more than people...
???
Number two, reminds me of home.
???
Um, Madam Chairwoman?
Wha... You discovered my secret identity?!
Could you get out of the way? I've got a lot of orders to make...
Oh, right. I figured you'd be busy makin' my tarte!
Huh...? 
To my surprise, the chairwoman gathered the necessary tools and ingredients to make a cake.
Hmm... I guess I could go back to working on the tarte, then...?
I went back to shaping the tarte. 
...@
With the chairwoman at my side, I saw firsthand how talented she actually was. I was so entranced by her work, I ended up slowing down.
...
Whew, what a day...
That was crazy... 
Everyone gathered in the kitchen.
Things finally settled down. 
Yes, but the chairwoman's cake was something else.
Huh?! W-Was it nasty or something?
No, just the opposite. Everyone was floored by how good it was.
Th-That's good... 
So Nee-san was telling the truth... She wasn't completely useless...!
???
Kenta-kun!
Mm? 
C'mon, c'mon! Where's my reward?!
The proud chairwoman of our academy made her appearance and regressed to her usual, immature self.
Oh, Madam Chairwoman, Senpai was just telling me about your cake... 
You're breaking your promise?! 
Huh? No, nothing like that. I just heard your cake was really good, so...
Oh, that. Yeah, it's no big deal... 
B-But... the customers were practically over the moon after eating it...
Hehehe... I don't care how excited or lame their reactions were. I've only shown ya 3% of my true power...!
Wha...?! Th-That's terrifying...! 
Makoto looked legitimately frightened... It appeared the chairwoman's skills were nothing to scoff at.
Forget about my cakes, let's talk about what Kenta-kun made instead! I worked my butt off, so gimme that tarte!
Yes, yes. As you wish...
The tarte was just about ready to take out of the oven, too. 
Much to the chairwoman's satisfaction, I finally presented her with the tarte...
