???
Mmmnmm...  Nmnmnm... 
???
Uuu...  Meeeeh... 
Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll...
Madam Chairwoman... You look even lazier than usual.
Huuuh? Not really...
No, really. That negative aura of yours feels extra dense today.
Meh... Meeeeeeeh... I just feel a bit under the weather... 
Let me guess, you drank too much? Fumiko-sensei told you to drink in moderation, didn't she?
Drank too much...? 
Like at your drinking party the other day?
Stop pullin' my leg! I don't remember that!
Huh?!
In my astonishment, I suddenly recalled something:
For starters, you usually get blackout drunk. Have some moderation, for heaven's sake.
Ahahahaha! I've got this, I've gooot this!
Now I get it... She really did forget everything when she got blackout drunk.
I'd bet a UFO abducted me last night and gave me amnesia! They probably played with my brain and put some weird chip in there!
The chairwoman continued rolling around, spouting some childish story. 
Um, listen. I won't tell you to work anymore, but could you at least keep it down and not get in our way while{W:700} we{W:0} work?
Uuuu... I am{W:700} not{W:0} getting in the way!
Roll, roll, roll!
No, you're getting in the_
???
Madam Chairwoman!
That's when it happened...
???
Please, hurry, everyone's already waiting for you!
We turned and met Nee-san's fierce gaze as she walked toward us.
I... I just said a UFO abducted me and gave me amnesia_
Come now, we have a meeting to attend to! The rest of the staff are here, even though it's summer vacation!
Nee-san grabbed her by the back of her shirt collar, similar to how one might carry a cat, and dragged the chairwoman away.
Aaaah! No! Noooooo! I refuse, decline, abstain from working! I won't work if it's the last thing I do, you hear me?!
Nee-san exited the store with the chairwoman_who kicked and screamed the entire time_ in tow.
...
I briefly watched their retreating backs from afar.
Right, back to work!
Quickly pulling myself together, I got back to work and resumed serving the customers in earnest.
