...
Well, quite a bit happened that day, but it was finally over. 
All that was left to do was take a bath and go to bed...
Hmmmmmm~ Ah...
And just as all the tension left my body and a yawn escaped my lips... 
Aaaaa...?!
I turned around, preparing to shout. 
Who made this cake?! 
I gave the chairwoman a quick once-over and noticed she was holding a cake box.
Huh? Wh-What are you talking about?
Call the owner right now!
U-Um... Is there a problem with one of our store's cakes...?
My merchant instincts kicked in and made me react timidly to being shouted at by a customer.
I took the cake the chairwoman was holding, and... 
Hmm? Wait, isn't this cake from the convenience store?! 
Aye. I bought it, but it was so nasty I had to drink myself silly to forget about it. 
Sure enough, her eyes were glassy and her breath reeked of booze.
Haven't you had enough to drink today, Madam Chairwoman?
Shuddup! Like I could get through that stupid meetin' without drinkin'!
You were drunk?! Also, you're quick to change subjects.
Who gives a damn about that?! More importantly, I've sunk rock bottom in my staff's eyes!
Haa...
I replied vaguely. 
It sounded like the staff chewed her out during the meeting, so she drowned her frustrations with booze.
What's with the cake, then?
Who gives a damn about that, either! More importantly, my staff don't understand how awesome I am!
I didn't understand what she was talking about, but was willing to bet she bought that cake just to complain about it.
Anyway, I'd appreciate it if you left if there's nothing{W:700} actually{W:0} wrong with the cake...
And y'know what else, Kenta-kun?!
Ugh. 
She... wasn't going to leave unless I listened to her bitch and moan, was she?
The staff, and especially the vice principal! 
Nee-san was essentially the chairwoman's handler, and the vice principal was working tirelessly behind the scenes.
D'ya know what he said to me today?
No, what did he say? 
I wasn't actually interested, but had no choice but to ask. 
"Madam Chairwoman, we're asking you, please act more like an adult!"
Huh...
It sounded like the vice principal asked for the impossible...
That's when{W:700} I{W:0} said, "Oh, yeah?! Would a kid play{W:700} this{W:0} kind of game?!" Hahaha!
...Huh?
I could almost feel the question marks floating around my head.
Huh, what was funny about that...? 
Her joke failed to land, and went right over my head.
Dont'cha get it?! I was playin' on my phone during the meetin', and...
No... I'm pretty sure you lost everyone at that point...
I was playin' an eroge on my phone!
Uh, that just makes it worse...
There's nothin' wrong with that! 'Sides, anyone who thinks games are just for kids nowadays really need to grow up!
No, I think the person playing adult video games in the middle of a meeting should grow up instead...
In the end, everyone always looks down on me! All because of how I look!
No... That's... 
Just so you know, Kenta-kun. It's not that I{W:700} can't{W:0} get a boyfriend, I just choose not to. 
O-Oh... 
This was... definitely heading in a bad direction. To make matters worse, we were in my room and I had nowhere to escape.
You hear that? My physique doesn't matter. A wise person once said, "Bein' flat-chested is a status symbol! It's a precious rarity!"
Something felt off about that, but pointing it out felt like it would only backfire on me, so I decided to shut up. 
Are ya listening to me, Kenta-kun?! 
Y-Yes! I'm listening, but I don't think I'm the right person to discuss romance with... Right, why don't you talk to Nee-san about it instead...?
Gulp, gulp...
Fuumin's no good. She's a virgin, that one. 
Huuuuh?!
R-Really...?
Hehe, what's that look for?
I-It's nothing... 
I tried to look calm, but I was anything but on the inside. 
Really, Nee-san...? 
You look so mature, too... 
...kun?
You're so pretty, I thought you'd be popular with the guys for sure... 
...kun?
I mean, she was always quite stubborn and felt like an iron maiden, but...
...Are ya listenin', Kenta-kun?!
Y-Yes?! 
Don't "Y-Yes?!" me! Like I was sayin', forget Fuumin, I want your opinion as a guy!
I-Is that right...?
What should I do...? What would be the right thing to say here?!
Not only that, but it felt like I'd get screwed over in more ways than I could imagine if I said the wrong thing.
I-I think you're a very attractive woman, Madam Chairwoman... 
I lied through my teeth, and was likely contending for first place in the "Bullshitting of the Year" award.
Hehe, ain't that the truth?
Phew! Looks like she was pleased with that answer.
I don't get it, but I'm surrounded by idiots who can't appreciate my mature, feminine charms!
No one looks at me as a woman!
She flailed and kicked in frustration. 
PochiTama's "diginified" chairwoman{W:700} literally{W:0} charged into my room kicking and screaming.
U-Um... B-But, didn't you say so earlier? "It's not that you{W:700} can't{W:0} get a boyfriend, you just choose not to."
Hm. 
The chairwoman fixed her drunken gaze on me. 
That's just part of my public profile at my talent agency. 
I didn't have the first clue what "talent agency" or "public profile" she was talking about, but I was beyond questioning anything that came out of her mouth at this point.
I told Fuumin the same thing, but...
Ah... Right, I remembered. 
Hey, hey, Fuumin. I wanna start workin' on my next life plan. D'ya think there's anyone around that would take care of me~? 
Huh? Aren't you the one who said that, "Men are a huge drag, I don't need 'em"?
Just between us, I started thinkin' I should act all cute and sappy, then land myself a butler boyfriend that'd pamper me...
No... If you wanted to be cuter, perhaps you should try to be less off-putting first...
W-Well, maybe you should go wedding hunting, then...?
Magazines make marriage huntin' look super annoyin'. Dont'cha know an heir of a big company, like an oil tycoon? Maybe you're friends with some politician's lover?
I don't know anyone like that!
Ugh... Nee-san already had this exact same exchange with her...
W-Well, in that case...
The chairwoman suddenly grew docile.
Could ya, um... help me practice a bit, then?
Huh...?
Ya said so a minute ago, right? That I'm "attractive"...?
Y-Yes... I did say that, didn't I...?
I replied, my eyes darting from one corner of the room to the next. 
Does that mean... ya see me as a woman?
W-Well, yes, of course!
I replied, my eyes downcast.
Great! Have sex with me, then!
...What?
I peered down at the chairwoman.
Wh-What?! 
What are ya surprised about? That seemed like the logical solution.
The chairwoman's drunken eyes suddenly narrowed in a cat-like fashion. 
B-But, this is too sudden... 
It is...? 
Of course it is! It's like, one of the most sudden things in the known universe!
That's not what it feels like... to me... 
Huh...?
I've been thinkin' about it for a while now, but you're actually kind of hot...
Those words poured out of the chairwoman's lips as she stared up at me.
Thump!
D-Dammit, don't look at me like that! That's not fair...!
