...
Sometime later...
We ate some of Rui-san's cake. 
She made two cakes: one was for me and the other was to welcome that "important person."
As for the taste... putting it into words would be doing it an injustice.
Heeheehee~
Blow ya away? This is the flavor I get when I give it everythin' I've got!
I asked if she used any unusual ingredients or tools, or employed any special cooking techniques, to which she denied it all.
She still managed to produce this sublime flavor in spite of that. It was so good, it made every other cake I've ever tasted pale in comparison.
I hated to admit it, but she was a genius in every sense of the word.
Mmhmm. 
We moved to her office for a short rest.
Heheh. Oh, by the way.
Rui-san suddenly spoke up over tea.
Yes?
I feel like we don't have to work very hard at this relationship, ya know?
Huh...?
No, not "huh." Ya know, about Fuumin. 
Rui-san grimaced. 
Now that she mentioned it, Nee-san was opposed to our relationship. But...
I leave the rest to you, then, Yanushi.
Huh? Oh... Yeah...
I actually thought she was being pretty patient... Maybe she forgave you after you did such a good job.
Even though you're her cousin, ya really don't get it... Fuumin isn't the type to talk about her feelings.
Huh?
She forgave us... but on a more fundamental level.
Huh? Huh...?!
Rui didn't respond to my confused query, merely falling silent with a pensive expression.
Good job today... It's been a while since I've had such a good time, Rui.
Mm... I see. I'm relieved, Fuumin. 
Do you... feel like piloting the Bunzam again?
Mmm.... Naaah, it's a drag. It's time for me to move on and train the next generation instead.
Oh my, you seem motivated.
It's to ensure the academy's future. We've got some amazin' students, after all.
Yes, indeed. However, save all of that indecency for after they graduate...!
Gawd, you're such a stick in the mud, Fuumin... 
Uhh... So what does that mean...?
It means, "I'll allow it"! 
Uh, I don't really get it.
Nah, ya see... I was scared of hurting her the whole time.
What? 
Never mind, forget it. Anyway, let's be kind to each other goin' forward, Kenta-kun.
Rui-san extended her right hand. 
Y-Yeah... Of course!
And I took her in mine, squeezing it tight. 
Gonna put this out there now, but I don't wanna work and I wanna live the easy life. Ya gotta become a bigshot and rake in the big bucks!
...Huh?
You've also gotta pamper me and provide for our household! I've got high hopes for ya!
But... when I asked you to make me a cake, it kinda implied that you would keep up with the house and do chores...
I'm not listenin'! I already made ya a cake, so all that debt is as good as gone!
Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh?!
That night_
An angry scream, one protesting the unreasonable, echoed throughout the campus...
