...
Well, Kenta-kun? 
Kenta?
Ken-chan? You shouldn't push yourself so hard...
Yeah, just a bit more...
I replied absentmindedly. 
Two days has passed since then.
Whatever free time I could spare during or after work was dedicated to creating a brand-new cake.
My goal was, of course, to make a cake that could rival the chairwoman's.
So, is it coming along?
Huh?
Oh, you... How's your research coming along?
Being asked that question made me feel like I was jolted awake. 
Yeah... No progress at all. 
Makes sense. None of us actually got to try the chairwoman's cake, after all...
Ruirui didn't look like she was working off of a recipe, either. 
Well, since she made the cake here, you know she couldn't have used any special tools or ingredients.
Yeah... If that cake was really that good, then she made it with nothing but God-like skills.
Maybe you should apologize to Ruirui, and...
No way, I didn't do anything and have nothing to apologize for.
Besides, given her personality, the chairwoman would never agree to do anything that would be remotely inconvenient for her.
???
I see you're working hard. 
Huh...?
...Haa. From the looks of things, you won't make it in time for tomorrow. 
I-I'm sorry... 
You've got nothing to apologize for. If you, with your skillset, weren't able to produce results within two or three days, then I doubt anyone could.
It's more than just that. I'm so frustrated{W:700} because{W:0} of how good she was...
That's... because she's an esper.
Huh...?
Sensei, that sounds kind of childish... 
Well, you can't deny that she's a culinary genius.
Hey, Yanushi. Could you relay a message to our brave esper? Tell her, "Your finishing move doesn't bring sorrow to others."
Huh...?
I... I don't really get it, but it sounds cool...
Please tell her that, "No one needs to feel sad... for you to awaken your true power. That's what I'm praying for, at least." 
Huuuuuuh...?
Wh-What's going on here? 
Did Nee-san catch whatever crazy disease the chairwoman had while hanging out with her...? 
U-Uhh, um, Nee-san... I mean, Sensei...?
Utterly confused, I tried to ask Nee-san... 
But she left before I could finish my sentence... 
...
In the end, I couldn't do anything. 
Nor could I forgive the chairwoman's crappy attitude.
I'd bet she only did that as a joke... She didn't really care about me... 
...Wait, what?
That only made it sound like I was in love with her or something!
That was just me getting carried away! 
Yeah, I should forget about that joke of a chairwoman!
Those tormenting thoughts kept me awake. 
I needed to forget all about the chairwoman and move on... With that thought in mind, Nee-san's face suddenly appeared in my head.
Hey, Yanushi. Could you relay a message to our brave esper? Tell her, "Your finishing move doesn't bring sorrow to others."
Please tell her that, "No one needs to feel sad... for you to awaken your true power. That's what I'm praying for, at least." 
What did Nee-san mean by that...? 
Rui used her finishing move, the Bunzam Super Ultra Final DX Miracle Dynamic Bomber, and defeated the Bonpurians! However, her best friend had become one with the stars...
The Earth was saved, but her New-Waver powers would only bring more strife. That's when Rui decided to seal her "powers" away...
Mm...? 
With great power comes great responsibility, which is why I don't flaunt my skills unnecessarily! It also adds to my feminine charm.
What did the chairwoman mean by that...?
Maybe putting their two stories together would teach me something...?
Hm... Maybe it's "justice prevails"? 
I felt like I was on the cusp of understanding, but I'd put far too much thought into it and the sandman had successfully claimed another victim.
And my thoughts... then sank... into the land of... dreams... 
Nng.
...
What a mess. 
That night, I dreamt I was piloting a mech suit in space and engaged in battle.
I woke up just as the aliens were about to finish me off, but that was when I realized...
The chairwoman's finishing move...! Her skills as a p｡tissi｢re...!
When I thought of it that way, what Nee-san said was starting to make sense, too.
Huh...? D-Does that mean the chairwoman is better than{W:700} me{W:0}...?
If she weren't... I wouldn't have discovered the extent of my own skills.
I didn't know what happened between them, but...
Mmm...?
I opened the door and found the chairwoman standing there.
She looked as though she were waiting for me.
Madam Chairwoman... Please, make the cake.
I said point-blank.
Huh...?
The chairwoman looked taken aback, but I continued to speak.
Nee-san told me to tell you, "Your finishing move doesn't bring sorrow to others."
Huh...?
She also said, "No one needs to feel sad for you to awaken your power" and that she's praying for you to awaken.
I see... 
The chairwoman flashed the kindest smile I'd ever seen her muster.
Please, make the cake for us...!
Her expression went stiff at my request.
...
Why not...?!
Ya see... Nekotama Rui broke up with her lover, Major Parme Yan, after defeatin' the Bonpurians.
She thought she didn't have the right to be happy alone, not after she hurt her best friend so much... 
Was Major Parme Yan... supposed to be me?
I would have liked a slightly cooler name...
But... Nee-san's not like that!
And... Rui was conflicted, too. 
Huh...?
Maybe the Major wasn't lookin' at her as a lover, but only as a mech pilot. As nothin' more than a tool...
Huh...?
At that moment, something flashed in my mind.
As if... I'd become an "esper" too.
I'm sorry... 
I lowered my head. 
Madam Chairwo_no, Rui-san... I want you to make me a cake.
...?!
I... I want you to make a cake. Not to make that "important person" happy, but because{W:700} I{W:0} want to eat it.
...?!?!
Not only do I want to eat it because I'm a cake nut who pursues tasty sweets...
But also because it's{W:700} your{W:0} cake.
Kenta-kun... 
I want you to make it... for me.
Kenta-kun...!
Suddenly, Rui-san's face drew closer to mine.
Wh-Whoa...?! 
Thank you... Nnn... 
I was too taken aback to fully comprehend that Rui-san had locked her lips with mine.
Nn... Mmm...
And then Rui-san smiled at me happily. 
I'm happy, Kenta-kun. 
Huh...?
I never wanted to hear things like, "Because you're talented" or "You're a culinary genius"...
I just... wanted someone to say, "I want to eat the cake ya made." So, thanks...
And so, that "important person" eventually visited our academy.
Aahh...! Whoaaaa...! It's really him!
Shinono-chan, calm down...
Oh, so{W:700} that's{W:0} the "important person."
I'm surprised... Do you really only recognize them as some "important person," Yanushi-kun?
PochiTama P｡tissier Academy welcomes and thanks you for visiting us today. Our chairwoman is waiting for you inside.
Welcome to the Kitty Parlor! 
Just as she had done before, Rui-san worked at the Kitty Parlor as an employee and made her mysterious cake for that "important person."
Although I spent the day as Rui-san's backup in the kitchen...
Mm? Ahaha, right, today's special! Well, they kinda asked me... Mm? Nah, it's not like that!
I... could hear the chairwoman's voice coming from the front of the store, and it was oddly light... 
Aww, ya haven't changed a bit!
Huh? Haven't changed...?
I poked my head out, watched that "important person" finish off their cake, and leave in a hurry.
Thank ya for coming~!
Yup, it really is like ridin' a bike! It's good to take out the ol' Bunzam every now and then... And it was all thanks to them...
With that said, Rui-san saw that "important person" off.
Wait... did they know each other?!
