Hinana-chan, we've got customers waiting, please show them to their seats!
Of course!
Makoto-chan, how's the cafe latte coming along?
Give me twenty more seconds. 
Kenta-kun, two pumpkin mont blancs! 
Coming right up!
The Kitty Parlor was swarming with people today.
Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll...
Uugh... Mmmm...
As always, one particular person was an absolute sloth.
Madam Chairwoman, Madam Chairwoman!
Ah, a cake. Thanksies~
The chairwoman snatched the cake I brought her, and annihilated it like a caveman biting into a lump of meat.
Omnomnononom... 
I leaned in and whispered to her while she ate.
Um, what are we gonna do, Rui-san?
Omnonom... Mm? 'Bout what?
What do you mean... Nee-san, of course!
Mm? Weren't ya gonna take responsibility, Kenta-kun?
N-No... I only said it to get her off my case.
Why not live up to it, then?
It's not as easy as you make it sound!
What else can we do, though? I'm cool with this, personally.
You are, huh...?
Or... were ya really just foolin' around with me?
She asked with an upward glance.
N-No...!
That's not fair... 
I really thought Rui-san looked cute back then...
But, when all was said and done, she went back to being the laid back and lazy chairwoman I knew her to be. It made me doubt her timid and feminine behavior during our tryst.
Just when I was about to take a firm stand, she went and acted cute all over again!
And that left me... so very confused.
But hey, I don't mind. We could just tell Fuumin we were only foolin' around?
She'd kill me!
Heeheeheehee! She totally would!
Please... Take this seriously. 
How about we lie and say we've been datin' for a while, then?
Huh...? 
I-I mean... If we ever broke up and made it look like some stuff went down, then I'm sure that'd convince Fuumin.
Huh... Is that really valid?
Yup, yup! Neither of us would have to take the heat for it, too!
Just so she doesn't get mad at us? 
Huh? Do ya{W:700} want{W:0} Fuumin to get mad?
Well, no. Of course not...
It's decided, then. Startin' now, I'm your girlfriend. Treat me well, Darling!
"Darling"...?
Sh-She was being oddly lighthearted about this...
If you were to harness that carefree attitude of hers and turn it into air, it'd be as light as helium.
...Fine.
Huh? What? Someone sounds grumpy.
Nothing. Anyway, I hope things go well with our{W:700} pretend{W:0} relationship, Madam Chairwoman.
With that said, I turned on my heels and returned to the kitchen. 
(Ah, did I piss him off...?)
...
Heeheehee, oh well!
(I'm sure he'll be a gold mine someday, which kind of sucks, but... I'm too young to settle down just yet!)
(Besides... I wouldn't want to steal more of Fuumin's things...)
Heeheehee... Being an adult woman sure can be hard sometimes. 
Heeheehee...
Ah, Kenta-kun! Were you slacking off somewhere?!
Huh?! I-It's not my fault! The chairwoman...
Yes,  the chairwoman has definitely been a problem. 
Huh? She's a problem? Did she do something...?
Yes. About that... 
Aaah...!
What's wrong, Ken-chan? You look like a pigeon that just came face-to-face with a monster!
Uh, I think the "pigeon" part was unnecessary. 
So was the "monster" part!
N-No! There's nothing going on between me and the chairwoman!
What are you saying?! That would only make them even{W:700} more{W:0} suspicious!
Nee-san replied, and held up her index finger to her lips in a shushing motion.
R-Right... S-So, what's going on?
I asked, trying to calm myself down. 
It's not exactly sudden, but do you remember how people started spreading rumors about the chairwoman's cake?
Right, right. The chairwoman's cake! People were talking about it on "Munch Log," and said it had an unusual taste...
...And now users on 3chan's sweets board are calling it "The Mysterious Cake!"
I see... 
After all the stuff that happened with the chairwoman, I'd completely forgotten about the cake she'd made... To think it had that sort of reputation...
Are they getting mad and demanding we sell "The Mysterious Cake"?
Yes, and to make matters worse...
What do you mean?
Well, someone showed up rather unexpectedly... Mm?! See, that's them!
Nee-san suddenly pointed toward the TV in the corner of the room.
Korone & Hinana & Makoto
Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh?!
W-Wait... By "them," you mean...{W:700} them{W:0}?!
Yes,{W:700} them{W:0}.
That high-ranking person...?
You know, it's oddly convenient that they'd show up on the TV as soon as we started talking about them...
No... You're not supposed to point that out, Hinana-chan... 
...Who's that?
Fumiko & Korone & Hinana & Makoto
Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh?!
Yanushi... Are you sure you're Japanese?
Or a human, for that matter!
Seriously, even I know who they are!
I knew you were detached from the world, but this...
With all that said, my only choice was to scratch my head and make up an excuse...
Ahaha... I don't really watch the news... 
Even so, there's a limit to how oblivious one can be. Listen, Yanushi. That person...  
They're the pinnacle of modern Japanese society, no, of the world! Their global influence is second to none, and to say nothing of their involvement in internal affairs...
It's said their name will go down in history, and everyone has acknowledged their achievements.
I know you're a p｡tissier, but{W:700} not{W:0} knowing is simply unforgivable. I knew you were a cake nut, but you're apparently 80% nut and only 20% cake!
Haven't I said repeatedly that being familiar with politics will deepen your capabilities as a chef?
...
...And so, I ended up getting another lecture from Nee-san. 
In regards to the individual from the TV...
I still didn't understand what the big deal was, other than that they were "really important."
...
Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll...
I eventually found myself before the chairwoman.
Hm? Kenta-kun? I thought ya were mad at me. 
Mm? Uhh... Well, I was a little angry. 
Feel better now? Hehe, were ya dyin' to see my pretty face that badly?
That's not it!
Hmmmm? That right?
Forget it. Madam Chairwoman, about that cake you made... 
Huh?
Remember when you helped us out and made that cake before? Could you make it again?
That again? You've been botherin' me about it every day since.
Yeah... I'd love to try it, but it's not for me.
Hm...?
Anyway, that's the situation. Yanushi, go and ask the chairwoman to make it.
Me? Why do I have to do it?
Isn't it obvious...? Rui won't listen to anything I say. Besides... You're the only other person that's close to her. 
B-But... 
Kenta-kun, we're dealing with a very important person here! The fate of the PochiTama P｡tissier Academy is at stake here! 
Not only that, but the fate of the entire world!
No... I'm pretty sure it's not that serious...
Well, it's not quite that extreme, but that person is known for having a major sweet tooth.
It would be a major step up for this academy if everything goes well. However, if we mess this up...
It'd be a huge blow to the academy's good name, for sure...
To make matters worse, that person sent a request to the vice principal for that cake and accepted it without knowing who made it.
Anyway, that "important person" should be here in three days. They made time for it in their busy schedule...
Could you please do it, for the sake of the academy...?
Noooooooooooooooope!
Oh, for crying out loud!
I raised my voice unintentionally. 
Aren't you the chairwoman?! The face of the academy?!
Nah, bein' a chairwoman is an even bigger drag than I thought, so it's about the right time for me to go in a new direction!
She'd mentioned something like that before, huh?
If that's what you want to do, then all the more reason to make the cake. Women that are good in the kitchen are highly sought after, don't you know?
...
The chairwoman suddenly turned to face me.
...Is there something on my face?
Yeah, you've got eyes, and a nose, and a mouth...
No... I already know about those. 
Good God, she's hopeless. 
Hmm... Madam Chairwoman? What made you so lazy? You're wasting your talents...
Well... that's a bit complicated.
The chairwoman nodded pensively. 
How so?
The Bunzam was the only weapon capable of opposing the Bonpurians. The special esper and New-Waver, Nekotama Rui, was its one and only pilot.
Rui used her finishing move, the Bunzam Super Ultra Final DX Miracle Dynamic Bomber, and defeated the Bonpurians! However, her best friend had become one with the stars...
The Earth was saved, but her New-Waver powers would only bring more strife. That's when Rui decided to seal her "powers" away...
Huh?
Dont'cha get it? The lesson behind that story?
I-It had a lesson? 
I tilted my head in confusion.
Uh... "Justice prevails"?
"The futility of war"!
O-Oh.
With great power comes great responsibility, which is why I don't flaunt my skills unnecessarily! It also adds to my feminine charm.
Huh?
To add a bit more to it: When Rui awakens her "New-Waver powers," she transforms and gets a super busty, bombshell body...!
Y-You added magical girl elements to it...?
Her stubbornness made my distrust for the chairwoman escalate.
She really was hopeless...
Fine, Madam Chairwoman. 
Mm?
You can keep goofing off like that forever for all I care.
...
I'll make the cake, while you sit here and screw around.
Yeah, that's what I intend to do. 
...!
I felt something snap inside me.
I'm leaving! 
I turned around, and headed for the kitchen. 
