Mm? Heeheehee... What's wrong? Do ya want some more? Here ya go!
U-Um...
I called out to Rui-san, but she ignored me and toyed with the cats instead.
Meow!
Ah, hey, cut that out! Kaya! I'll feed ya if that's what you want!
Hmmm, Rui-san?
The cats
Meow!
Orteca! Morta! Stop that, don't steal Kaya's food!
Rui-san?! 
The cats
Meow, meow!
While Orteca and Morta ran around with the food, Kaya started climbing up Rui-san's body... 
Ouch, that hurts!
Suddenly, Kaya leapt off Rui-san's head in order to catch the other two felines.
Y-Ya used me as a stepping stone...?!
No. If anything, you used{W:700} me{W:0} as a stepping stone! You dropped all the housework on me...
Mmm? That's what we agreed on in the beginnin'!
I don't remember agreeing to this... 
A few years had passed since then.
I'd been put through the wringer in my attempts to keep up with her.
Despite my complaints of how unfairly I was being treated, I always stuck by her for some reason. Before I knew it, a fair amount of time had passed...
I was now a world-famous p｡tissier.
No one objected to someone like me marrying Rui-san, PochiTama's chairwoman.
Unsurprisingly, but much to my dismay, Rui-san had left me with all of the household chores.
In the end, you refused to bake me a cake and are letting your talents go to waste...
Who cares about that? Your cakes are better than mine now, aren't they?
Th-That's not... 
Sure enough, my skills as an artisan had only improved and couldn't possibly be compared to where I was back then.
But... 
Rui-san, you never actually taught me how to bake cakes.
It's not somethin' I can explain with words... It all comes from the heart.
That would sound good coming from anyone else, but you're just using it as an excuse to slack off.
Huh? I'm bein' honest. Dont'cha believe me?
I faced off against a number of talented rivals in both the Candidate Exam and the contest in Paris, and was somehow able to give it everything I had.
Looking back on it now, all of those experiences had been quite miraculous. During that time, though, Rui-san would simply roll about without a care in the world...
Heehee... Heeheeheeheehee...
Just like before, Rui-san carelessly rolled around on the carpet while munching on snacks.
Using Rui-san as a pillow, our children rested soundly.
Yes. Two years ago, we were graced with twin daughters.
I was overjoyed when these adorable baby girls were born, but...
They had taken after their mother and spent most of their time lazing around the house.
Another day passed by, leaving me and our three cats to our own devices.
Oh! Kenta-kun, I wanna have spare ribs with fig sauce dressin' for dinner tonight!
No... It's too sudden. I don't have the ingredients, nor do I know how to make it.
No biggie! I think the grocer in the next town over has fig leaves, and ya can get the spare ribs from the butcher across the street from the supermarket.
Oh, and we've gotta have beer to go with the spare ribs. Maybe some Kｧlsch or Weizen would be good...?
Aah, yeah, yeah.
She was always like this. I was worried for our daughters' futures, who were practically mass-produced Rui-sans already...
Even so, I loved Rui-san and our daughters all the same. They were my precious, loving family... My happiness outweighed those concerns.
It was all thanks to Rui-san...
Kenta-kun~!
Yes, what else? 
A smooch! I want a big, lovey-dovey kiss!
Yes, yes. Jeez...
I really was no match for her, was I...?
