Mmm, ah, and... right, I'll knead this a little more... Or maybe a rougher texture would be better?
...The shape's coming along. Okay, just a bit more... A little more... Right there... And done!
I was fully engrossed in making my cake.
Between all the kneading, mixing, and decorating, I forgot all about what I wanted to make at the start...
...You're still here. Do you have any idea what time it is? It's already 11PM.
Whoa, it's that late? Ah, it is! I didn't even notice. I got so wrapped up in making my cake...
Time flies when you're having fun, I guess.
I also didn't hear Nee-san come into the kitchen, either.
It was actually pretty dangerous. A burglar could sneak in and I wouldn't notice... Though I doubt a burglar would come here, of all places.
I swear... Nothing's changed a bit. You lose sight of your surroundings when you work.
Right, sorry... Were you waiting for me, Nee-san? That kinda makes me happy, ahaha...
...I{W:700} am{W:0} in charge of Beans Puppy, after all. If someone's in the store after we close, then I have to check up on them.
O-Oh, right. Sorry about that, I'll clean up in a jiffy... 
I tried to crack a joke to hide my embarrassment, but I guess staying behind like this{W:700} would{W:0} be an inconvenience to Nee-san. That worried me...
Her working overtime at my expense was no laughing matter. I'd better clean up and leave as soon as possible.
So, did you make something you're satisfied with? 
Mmm, I don't know... Could you give it a taste? I can't really judge it on my own.
I see. Very well, let's try it... 
I didn't think it would taste bad, but I couldn't judge my own work. I poked a fork into a slice of cake and presented it to Nee-san.
Mm, nn... Oh, the caramel and ganache cream's sweetness pair beautifully with the raspberry.
The consistency of the almond and chocolate syrup is perfect... It just melts in your mouth, and completes the dish.
Yes, I can say with absolute certainty that this cake is flawless. I think you can sleep well tonight knowing you've done a good job.
...Right, that's good. I'm happy to hear you say that, Nee-san. Maybe I'll put this up for sale tomorrow, then...
As I said, call me "Sensei" when we're on campus... Actually, no. It's fine right now. You're off the clock, anyway.
So, Yanushi... No, Kenta. There's something I need to tell you, as your sister. 
Huh, what? You're not going to talk to me as a teacher, but as my sister...?
As my sister...
For whatever reason, those words felt oddly foreign to my ears.
Call home every now and then. You've been traveling for so long and haven't said a word to anyone since you got back. When was the last time you spoke your parents?
Uhh... Ah, it's been at least three months since I last talked to them...
I do tell them where I'm going whenever I do leave, though. So it's not like I'm going missing or anything...
Jeez... Do you have any idea how worried they've been?
They should be used to it by now, so I figured they wouldn't be as worried about me. Either way, I've kept them up-to-date on where I go and what I've been doing.
It wasn't unusual for students, especially adult men, to live on their own.
However, in my case, I'd been traveling all over Japan and gone abroad, so their concern was understandable. 
Hmm... They say no news is good news, but communicating with them more often would certainly put their minds at ease.
Parents always worry for their children, no matter how old they get... Telling them{W:700} not{W:0} to worry is pointless.
As they say, you won't know how good you had it until it's gone. You'd be naive to think your parents will always be around.
Do you understand...? Keep in touch with your folks... and get a cell phone already, for Heaven's sake.
I can't make any promises about getting a phone, but I'll call home later.
I was a bit taken aback by how direct Nee-san was being. Either way, I'd try to take some of her advice to heart and opted to change the subject.
Please do. I know it's hard, but an earnest person like yourself really needs to be more attentive to the world around you.
I wouldn't say you're insensitive, more like detached.
Gotcha. I'll be more mindful of the customers and what goes on in the store.
Nothing gets by you, does it, Nee-san? Ever since we were kids, you've always been so attentive.
If I weren't around, you and Inukai... Shinono, I mean, would do whatever you wanted.
Ahaha... We've been causing you grief for years, haven't we? You were always watching over us...
It's fine. I was never especially bothered by it, so taking care of you two wasn't really a big deal.
For as long as I can remember, you really were like a big sister to us, Nee-san.
Hm? Isn't that obvious? Hehe...
When it came to work, she was our strict teacher.
Underneath it all, she was the kind and helpful older sister I always knew her to be.
Come on, put everything back and go to bed. You've got a busy day tomorrow.
Right. Thanks for taste-testing my cake, Nee-san. Good night.
Yes, good night. See you tomorrow. 
I should go to bed, like she said. 
Even now, Nee-san always helped me. I really was grateful to her...
