Hana and I engaged in fun, idle chatter as we swept the outside premises of the store.
This looks good enough here. What do you think?
We can't settle for just "good enough" today. We must be even more diligent than before.
You're right, we've got to be cautious. Nee-sa_Sensei might scold us again. 
Yes, and that would be embarrassing... Even so, Sensei truly is wonderful, isn't she? 
She's always so dignified, serious, and neat about her work... Her remarks today were quite accurate.
This may sound mean toward the chairwoman, but it's hard to tell sometimes who is actually running the academy.
For sure. Nee-san's always been the kind of person you can depend on.
The chairwoman's incredibly unmotivated compared to her. It's hard to believe that she's supposed to be a teacher. Ahaha...
We continued sweeping and chatted away now that the chairwoman was our topic.
That's right. You, Sensei, and Inukai-san are cousins, right?
Yeah. Nee-san's mother is my mom's sister, and Nono's mother is my dad's sister. We were really close when we were kids...
Oh my. So Sensei and Inukai-san aren't blood related, though you're related to both of them.
More or less, yeah. It really felt like I had two sisters, and it's been that way ever since we were kids.
You've been good friends ever since you were little, then? Even now, the three of you seem quite close.
Yeah. We lived close to each other, so Nono and I would go to Nee-san's place every day to play...
Heheh. I wish I could have seen you and Inukai-san back then. I'm sure the three of you were very cute children. 
I'd imagine... even back then, Sensei was a lovely girl worth of being seen as the "dignified and pretty older sister."
Yeah, kind of like a miniature version of what she's like now, so you hit the nail on the head with that one. Haha.
Oh my, hehehe...
We smiled at one another and continued cleaning the outside of the store.
Customers would surely enjoy coming to a store where the employees got along so well... At least, that's what I'd like to think.
