Once again, we found ourselves in the chairwoman's office for our morning briefing.
And as we stood side by side, the one who walked before us was...
Yes, I can see why all of you were chosen as candidates. Very impressive.
Of the customers we surveyed, they were all incredibly pleased by your efforts.
However, as far as I can see, there are quite a few unsatisfactory aspects to your work that spoil these positive assessments. 
Huh? 
We silently glanced at one another.
If I were to elaborate...
With that, Nee-san eyed us individually and spoke in a rather strict tone.
First, the storefront must be properly maintained. It's not enough to sweep once a day, so make sure to do it periodically.
Good food aside, a dirty store will only make customers shy away from your business. You wouldn't want that either, would you?
Being busy or lack of staff is hardly an excuse. The store's circumstances shouldn't influence the customers.
To promote a pleasant experience, both the interior and exterior of the store must be maintained! The customers see the outside of the store first, after all!
Not only should you keep an eye on the store and your customers, but your coworkers as well.
The cats and dogs at your stores require constant supervision, so you must remain vigilant for mishaps or hygiene-related incidents!
Basically, none of you are keeping a good enough eye on each other or the store.
With that said, your baking and customer service skills are commendable, but you could get that level of service from a festival stall... You must go above and beyond that when running a business.
This isn't a sweets-making convention, either. You're managing a store, and the customers are paying you for your services.
Just making tasty sweets isn't enough, and could considerably lower your scores.
That is all. Everyone, keep what I've just said in mind going forward! Dismissed!
Dismissed~! Be careful while ya work and do a good job. Woo!
U-Um...
It was an unusually harsh morning briefing, but that unrealistic addendum dispelled all of the tension.
...Tch. Ugh... Anyway, we're done here! Report to your posts and get to work, now! Get to it!
Heeheehee. It's over, over! Get to work and make me money...!
Aah... 
Having someone like her around really did spoil everything.
There was certainly some merit to Nee-san's words, and I took them to heart. All that's left was to act on it.
