Hello and welcome to Beans Puppy!
Please have a seat right over here. There's an open seat...
Phew, we're packed today... The customers just won't stop coming in.
Yup, everything is going great! Maybe a little{W:700} too{W:0} good... Ahaha...
It's actually becoming a bit of a mess, phew... It's been nonstop all day.
I peered out at the front of the store and noticed that they were, indeed, coming in droves.
Hello and welcome to Beans Puppy!
Welcome to Beans Puppy... Yes, you can touch the dogs if you want. 
The customers squealed with joy as we, including the cats and dogs, worked as diligently as we could...
I see everything is going well. Wonderful, wonderful...
Nee-san! Yes, we're doing great. 
Ah, Onee-chan. Are you here to check on us?
We turned toward the entrance and were faced with the dogs' head honcho: Nee-san. She stood before us in a dignified pose.
Again with the "Nee-san" and "Onee-chan"... How many times must I tell you to call me "Sensei"?
That aside, it seems the customers are enjoying themselves, and the exterior is all cleaned up. I'm proud of you.
Yeah! We looked around and found some of the doggies' fur, so we cleaned it up!
I see. You've done a good job. How's the exam going, then? Are you enjoying it?
Mmm, today's been kinda difficult... It's like, I'm so busy and don't really feel like I'm having fun...
I see. How about you, Yanushi? You've worked in a lot of stores in your travels, so I'd imagine this must be a breeze for you?
Nah, work isn't meant to be fun. We're waiting on customers and can't let our guard down for even a second...
In order to give them the best service, I have to stay focused at all times.
Up until now, it felt like I was helping out at someone else's store rather than managing my own. As nervous as I am, I'm still having fun.
I put those feelings into words, knowing full well that this wasn't going to be an easy win.
Yes, I can see how passionate you are about this. Keep that feeling close to your heart going forward. Yes, very admirable, heheheh... 
Smiling faintly, Nee-san made a beeline for the back of the store.
I suppose she's checking the kitchen next.
Looks like it, phew... Nee-san acts a bit differently when she's in teacher-mode. It makes me a little nervous...
I know what you mean. You can't help but tense up a little whenever she's around.
However, this isn't a family reunion or a game. It's work. It may be an exam, but we{W:700} are{W:0} managing a store.
You're right. Let's give it our all from now on, too. 
All right! Let's work, work, and work! I'll work real hard, Onii-chan! You do your best, too!
Nono nodded at me with a smile, but still seemed a bit shaken up all the same.
Ah, yes, I'll be right over! Are you ready to order?
Oh, more customers showed up... There's a bit of a line at the cash register... 
I then left my spot and got back to work in earnest.
