Nee-san walked in shortly after the store died down a little.
Let's begin our inspection. Looking out at the storefront, your customers seem to be happy and satisfied.
I'll be taste-testing your dishes next. Each of you needs to bring me a sample of your latest work.
Y-Yes!
A-All right... 
Yes! Here you are, ma'am. 
I-I'll go get it... I mean, I'll bring it right over, ma'am!
The faces of Beans Puppy's staff were dyed with suspense. 
It felt like our final inspection... That obviously wasn't the case, but we were being scored. Perhaps it was more like a pop quiz, then?
Hmph...
Ugh...
...Nng... 
Aah...
...
Several minutes later...
An assortment of sweets were spread out on the table before Nee-san.
Nono, Michiyo-san, Hana, and I made four separate dishes that were based on different themes.
Nee-san carefully inspected and tasted each dish to verify their quality.
Hmm, I see... They certainly reflect your individual styles. A quick glance and a taste are all I need for this assessment. Hmm..
Gah...
Ugh... I-Is it okay? Is my... is my cake good enough?
Hmm... How does my work compare in your eyes, Sensei...?
Yes... How did I fare? My heart is beating so fast, hmm... 
We all swallowed nervously, like new recruits lining up to get chewed out by a strict drill sergeant. 
Nee-san eventually lifted her head and turned to face us.
Ugh.
When our eyes met, I couldn't help but flinch. The four of us had been mumbling and making strange noises during her impromptu evaluation.
...Hmm. Yanushi's cake is wonderfully made, Inukai's cake has a sort of unpredictable playfulness to it, and Inuta's sweets are gorgeous in both appearance and flavor...
Inuyama's sweets are well-made and were meticulously crafted... They are all, naturally, worthy of being sold.
Phew...
Ah... Th-Thank goodness... The bar was set super high, too...
This truly is good news... I wouldn't know what to do with myself if she hated it...
True. We may think highly of our work, but there's no telling how others may see it...
As Nee-san vocalized her impressions of our work, she filled out a sheet of paper.
For now, we were relieved knowing there wasn't anything wrong with the sweets we'd made.
Additionally... The service, food quality, and clean environment meet the academy's standards. So, everything checks out.
However, it's far from perfect. Keep up the good work, but don't let a single win go to your head.
That is all! Back to work, everyone! And keep it up.
Yes, understood!
Yup! I'll do my best!
Thank you very much, Sensei!
We will continue to remain diligent with our work.
After giving us a final glance, she turned on her heels and went back to the office. 
Thank you, Nee-san... 
That was great, Onii-chan! All right, let's keep working hard! 
After lowering our heads and thanking her retreating back, we each returned to our posts. 
Phew, that was nerve-racking! I'm glad it all turned out well, but I was so nervous... 
Indeed. I was having trouble breathing, and was terrified to hear what she might say.
Well, it's quite the relief now that that's over. Oh my, such a stressful affair...
It's quite hard to be confident about your work, even if you don't feel that way all the time. Sensei's inspection was enough to strike fear into our hearts...
But we got our seal of approval, so I guess we're fine for now... Phew, I'm tired now...
Her advice is always on point, too... Onee-chan really is a perfect fit for this job. She's like the ideal teacher... a true educator.
Yeah, she's a great teacher here at the academy... I always thought she'd become a p｡tissi｢re when we were kids, though.
I never thought she'd end up becoming a teacher... And in the food industry, at that.
We couldn't help but cheer and smile at one another happily.
Well, I'd say it's time... 
Right, back to work.
Let's get to it! Workie work~!
Yes, our post-evaluation break is over.
We had a busy day ahead of us, and had to get back to work.
