Phew, what a long day... Mmm...
Now that work was over, I was lying on my bed and waiting for boredom to overtake me.
I was exhausted, but my brain was on overdrive, so a little bit of rest would do me some good.
(There's nothing to do... Maybe I should go watch TV in the dining hall or something...? Keeping up with current trends might give me some new cake ideas.)
I stood up and headed for the door. The dining hall was a short walk away, after all.
...
Hm? Oh...
Yanushi? What are you doing here?
After walking out into the hall, I noticed Nee-san was standing there with a flashlight.
I thought I saw a shadow coming from around the corner, but she turned her attention to me instead.
Thought I'd go watch some TV... What are you doing here at this time of night, Nee-san?
I'm on campus patrol. It's almost time to lock up for the night.
Wow, you do all that, too?
Of course. A teacher's job is multifaceted, and this is but one of my duties.
Oh, so she was patrolling the academy as a teacher...
Oh, well, I'm free at the moment. I'll join you! Do you want help or anything?
Sure, I don't mind, but... I suppose having more hands on deck would be ideal.
Helping someone with their daily duties would be a much better use of my time than zoning out in front of the TV.
And so, I ended up tagging along with Nee-san on her nightly patrol.
Ugh... 
However, an almost otherworldly silence fell over the academy at night. No, not silence... it was far creepier than that.
Nee-san seemed unfazed and continued her patrol with a blank expression on her face.
You aren't scared, Nee-san?
What, are you implying I'm not cute or something?
No, I didn't mean it like that. You're just really dependable and strong...
I was far more likely to scream and cling to Nee-san's arm, rather than the other way around.
But, for now, I tried to steady my frightened heart and observe my surroundings.
Hmm... Nothing seems out of the ordinary. Would you like to take a break?
Ah, hmm, sure... Where would we do that, exactly?
Oh, I g-guess we can s-sit it one of the classrooms. Y-Yeah, that's an interesting idea...
Nee-san beckoned me into one of the nearby classrooms and we took a seat.
It wasn't like we had any other option, and taking a break in a classroom really accentuated the "campus" atmosphere...
Oh, by the way, Nono said you're the ideal teacher.
Ideal teacher, huh...?
I think it suits you, too, but I always thought you'd become a p｡tissi｢re when you grew up.
A p｡tissi｢re... Well, I suppose I wasn't good enough to make that happen.
What? You always made such great sweets, though. You were very talented...
That's just your childhood memories talking. What you remember is better than what was actually there.
Thinking about it now, didn't it seem like anything you ate as a kid tasted like it was the best treat ever? It's like that.
Everything I made was amateurish and done as a hobby. I was a student who liked making sweets for fun, at most...
No, I don't think so... Even if that were true, I really did think they were good.
It's true, though. I learned the hard way after I enrolled in this academy.
We had this exam every year when I was a student, but I was never selected as a candidate.
It only made sense. It was all about practical skills, and I was mediocre at best. Try as I might, that was the extent of what I could do.
Which means I didn't have any talent for making sweets, and that's all there is to it. I might do better than the average person, but I was anything but a pro.
Hmm... Can't say I really agree with that. Your cakes were really good, Nee-san.
She claimed to be "mediocre," but that didn't feel right to me.
If I had to describe it, her cakes had a very domesticated, homestyle flavor. But I guess she just wasn't suited to be a professional p｡tissi｢re...
It's nothing for you to worry about. I wasn't suited to be a p｡tissi｢re, but it helped me realized the joy of teaching.
Watching others hone their craft, thanks to the advice I gave them, makes me incredibly happy. It's fun to watch people grow and improve.
Well, watching my colleagues advancing their careers did make me a little bit jealous, though...
Anyway, supporting talented people tapping into their full potential is rewarding in and of itself.
It's like I'm living vicariously through them... Seeing such talented people take flight is a wonderful thing.
Nee-san...
Maybe being a teacher really was her true calling. Nee-san's eyes had a dreamy look to them, almost like a young girl sharing her dreams of the future.
Looking back on it now, I always liked teaching others. Don't you think so?
Yeah. You've taught me a lot over the years, Nee-san. You guided and watched over me... Just like a teacher would.
I learned how to make sweets because of you, and look where I am now...
Ever since you learned how to make sweets, I've... always supported you from the sidelines...
That's why you need to polish your skills, rise above the others, and gain the recognition you deserve. I'm sure you'll only get better from here.
It would prove that what I did wasn't a mistake... that teaching really was my true calling.
...You're always right, Nee-san. I'll make sure to prove it to the whole world, though!
I'd always act a bit childish whenever we talked, and I'd end up saying something silly or immature.
That was fine, though. It just meant I really felt that way.
When I was with Nee-san, I acted a bit differently than when I interacted with girls my own age. I kept going back to the "old days" whenever I was with her.
...I'm a terrible sister, aren't I? Having to ask my younger brother for something like this... 
That's not true. You gave me so much, so it's my turn to do the same for you.
Heheh... I appreciate it. I suppose having such a pathetic sister made you grow up to be a strong, dependable brother.
Anyway, we should resume our patrol. Are you ready?
Yeah, I'm good. Let's go, Nee-san!
We got to our feet with a smile. 
