Another refreshing morning was upon us.
With that, our daily briefing was now underway...
...Or, so we thought. 
Not only should the store be maintained and kept clean, but so should you!
First, your hair... Make sure it's properly combed and styled. The customer will surely notice if your hair is sticking out or a ribbon is crooked.
From where I'm standing, I can easily tell which of you overslept. Your hair is a mess and you look exhausted...
Proper grooming habits are crucial to working in the service industry. Even if you served the best food in the world, many would shy away if the staff looked unkempt.
Before our morning briefing even began, Fumiko-sensei treated us to a lecture about personal hygiene and proceeded to call us out for it individually.
"There's something I need to say before we begin our morning briefing," she said in a forceful tone.
My hair and clothes were disheveled, and I was seriously in need of sleep, so her harsh comments rang especially loud for me.
A disheveled appearance is indicative of a messy mind, which leads to an apathetic attitude and can interfere with your work. It's an endless cycle of bad behavior.
Behold! The most striking example of this is right here before us...!
Oooh...!
Nee-san pointed to the sleeping blob under the desk, and we couldn't help but groan.
Mmmm, kuh... Zzz, zzz... Mmmnmmm... Nnn, zzz, zzz zzz... Mmmmm, aah... 
I've seen the light. A disheveled appearance is indicative of a messy mind, which leads to an apathetic attitude...
It makes for a rather convincing argument. As they say, seeing is believing...
You're right... Things can go downhill fast if you slack off for even a moment...
Definitely. We must remain diligent, especially when it comes to our work. Otherwise, we'll wind up like her before we know it...
I agree wholeheartedly, seeing truly is believing... One look at her really drives the point home...
Hehe. Let's stay neat and tidy. If we don't keep up on it now, we may regret it later!
...It's just as Inuyama-san said, so be wary. Out of our group, you need to stay on top of it, Nekojou.
Yes, I will~ Heheheh~
Hmm... Well, this has been a wonderfully enlightening lesson... The chairwoman's a great, although negative, example.
We all shuddered reflexively. 
...So long as you understand. 
In that case, someone should wake up the chairwoman so we can begin our morning briefing.
Ruirui, wake up! It's time for our morning briefing. Brief us~!
Nn, mmmnnn... Aaaah... I keep sayin' it's not necessary, I don't care... Nnn, aaah...
Our meeting eventually started in a leisurely fashion, which proved to be the stark opposite of Nee-san's severe chiding.
