Phew... Gotta work my butt off tomorrow! The days sure do go by fast, don't they...? Mmm...
Night fell, but it was still too early to sleep. While lazing and looking up at the ceiling, there was a sudden knock at the door.
Mm? Come in. 
...Excuse meeee, ah, aaahh...
Huh, Nee-san? Wait, I thought you already went home...?
Yes and, um... I was with with the chairwoman in her office and she forced me to drink with her...
She gets drunk and falls asleep, and I'm the same as ever...
R-Right... Well, you look tired, but you don't strike me as drunk.
Nee-san was my surprise visitor. The chairwoman had roped her into drinking, and now she stood in front of me with a flushed face.
Based on what she said, Nee-san wasn't drunk enough to be delirious, but was feeling nauseous from drinking too much.
Don't you feel sick, though? You look dizzy and... kind of ragged.
Yes. My head's sober, but my body's not... I'm perfectly conscious, but there's no way I'd be able to ride my bike in my condition...
I thought it best to sleep at the dorms tonight and head back after some rest. I'm not tired, but would you mind keeping me company until I sober up?
Ah, yeah. We can talk until you start getting tired.
Thanks, Yanushi. I'll head back to the office when I get tired and sleep next to the chairwoman.
While Nee-san seemed a bit more frail than usual, she didn't look at all intoxicated and seemed pretty much the same.
However, she was probably a{W:700} little{W:0} drunk considering she'd requested my company and visited this late at night.
She'd{W:700} never{W:0} say something like that unless she was drunk...
Sorry, but I appreciate you taking care of me... Uugh, but today was a lot of fun. It brought back a lot of memories for me...
Yeah, I agree. Really took me back to when we were kids. You, me, and Nono...
For the time being, I urged Nee-san to sit down on the bed and offered to make tea or give her a glass of water.
Back when we were kids... Yes, it brought back so many fond memories... of the time we spent together. I thought I was going to forget most of it...
Right... Did I ever tell you that you were my first crush, Nee-san? Guys really fall for the pretty, older girls they hang around with...
Nee-san was a little intoxicated, so now felt like a good time to make that "confession" while we were on the subject of our childhoods.
...I see. Your first crush...? Guess I peaked back then, huh? Heh... That was such a long time ago...
No, no. You're still very attractive, Nee-san... Or rather, I find you even{W:700} more{W:0} attractive now.
Drunk as she was, Nee-san remained as humble and abject as ever.
It was strange for a beautiful woman like Nee-san to talk about herself that way. 
Nee-san was in a league of her own and many men hesitated to approach her because of it. Perhaps that was why she thought so little of herself...?
Well, you're really closed off and men are scared to talk to you. I'm sure there are plenty of guys who are into you, though...
You're beautiful and perfect, but surprisingly single. Guys think they have no shot with you and give up...
You honestly believe that? Do you really think I'm this beautiful, perfect, and popular woman that guys are too shy to talk to?
Of course I do! I'd never lie to you, would I?
...Right. In that case, prove to me that that's true. Wasn't I your first crush?
...Huh? No, uh, you're... seriously telling me to prove it to you? But, ah... Um, Nee-san...?
...Mmm, ah...
Before I could process what was going on, Nee-san coiled her arms around my neck. Her moist eyes and flushed face suggested she was in a trance-like state.
Mm, mha, aah... mha, nn...
Mm... mmph, ah... Mmm, mmmm?!
Nee-san's quivering lips gently overlapped with mine...
