Phew! How long has it been since we went out together like this?
Well, Antoinette's with us now, but it's still technically just the three of us...
I agree! It's been years since we've been together as cousins, not just as a teacher and her students...
For like, uh, personal reasons! We haven't hung out like in years because of it...
Nono and I used to go to your house all the time when we were little, Nee-san...
I think we got along better than most siblings do, but it was mostly us following you around, haha...
I never had a brother or sister, and I thought the two of you were really precious. 
Thanks, Onee-chan! I always thought of you as my real sister, too... 
Same here. You two{W:700} were{W:0} my sisters, as far as I was concerned. Even as a kid, I never felt like I was an only child.
Your cakes were so good, it inspired me to become a p｡tissier...
Which was when I decided to become a p｡tissi｢re, too! Just like Onii-chan.
That's why we're here, Onii-chan! It's all thanks to Onee-chan that we're together right now!
Yeah. She's not exaggerating, either. If it weren't for Nee-san, who knows where we'd be right now...
I see. That's nice to hear... Whatever the case may be, you were chosen as candidates because of the experiences and skills you've accumulated over the years.
Nee-san... 
Mmm... Onii-chan's incredibly talented, but I can't really say the same thing about myself... I'll keep giving it my all and try really hard!
Yes, please do. Trust me when I say you two are talented. I have a good eye for this, haha...
There wasn't a trace of her usual, harsh expression. Instead, Nee-san truly looked like the kind and beautiful woman we knew her to be.
Nono and I couldn't help but act childish around her, as we wanted to be pampered by our one and only Nee-san.
By the way, Nee-san, are you okay for time? Don't you have work to do?
It's fine. It's mostly paperwork I have to fill out. I still have some time, though not much.
Gotcha. In that case, can you come with me?
Mm?
Huh? What's up? What are you doing, Onii-chan...?
