Man, the weather sure is nice today! Perfect for going on a walk. I'm so glad it's sunny...
Totally. Where should we go, then...? I called it a walk, but we've got a lot of options...
Nono and I went outside together, taking in the refreshing, early morning air and stretching under the blue sky... 
Mm... Ah!
Ah!
Good morning, Yanushi and Inukai. Going out today, hmm? Where are you running off to?
Nee-san was straddling her motorcycle in the middle of the parking lot.
To no one's surprise, Antoinette was sitting in the attached sidecar. The human and dog combination made for a rather conspicuous pair as they rode around town.
Morning... Um, what about you, Nee-san?
Well, the store may be closed for the day, but I still have errands to run. I always try to take my dog out for a walk around this time of day, though.
Really...? I didn't know... 
Ah, good morning, Onee-chan! You see, Onii-chan and I thought it'd be fun to hang out today...!
Ah, that's a big bike... You're taking Antoinette out on a walk in that? 
Yes. Well, I'm actually taking her a dog park so she can do her business. That's the idea, anyway.
Oh, right. You like large dogs. It's hard to take them on walks around town.
Yes. She gets scared on narrow roads, so I'd rather go somewhere she can run and stretch her legs a little.
You're going on a walk now, right? We don't really have anywhere to go, so would you like to join us?
Hmm. We're on foot, while she's riding her bike to get to a place where she can take a walk...
Well, I don't really get it, but whatever! The three of of us, and Antoinette, can take a fun trip together!
That sounds nice. Where are you heading? I'll meet you there on my bike.
Hmm, where{W:700} are{W:0} we going, Onii-chan?
Well, we're with a dog, so the park would work best.
The decision to randomly kill time turned into an unexpected group outing.
All right! So we'll head to the park on foot, and Onee-chan will go on ahead to take Antoinette for a walk. 
And when we get there, um... Whatever! Getting to walk around would be fun, ahaha!
We used the loud roar of Nee-san's bike as our cue, and set off for the park.
