We eventually left the park and found ourselves in...
We're home, Beans Puppy!
Why on earth are we here? I was curious as to where we were going, too...
Sorry for bringing you here on your day off, but I haven't had one of your cakes in forever and was craving it. If you don't mind, could you make us a cake, Nee-san?
We brought her to Beans Puppy so she could use the kitchen.
All that talk about our childhood earlier made it sound like Nee-san wanted to make us a cake.
...I couldn't possibly hold a candle to you now, though. Are you sure that's what you want?
Yes, we still want to eat your cake, Nee-san. Could you make one for us, please...?
What do you think, Nono? You also want to have Nee-san's cake, right?
Huh? Yeah, of course! I haven't had one of her cakes in ages!
You leave me no choice, then... It really is like we're back to our childhood... Fine, just wait for a bit, you two.
Thanks, Nee-san! 
Ah, I'm so excited! I haven't had one of her cakes in forever!
Sorry for asking you to work on your day off. I'll make you a cake next time, Nee-san...
I've already had your cakes plenty of times by now, ahaha...
Nee-san smiled wryly and began working on her cake.
Nono and I watched Nee-san as she worked, but stood far enough awayｩjust like when we were littleｩto not get in her way.
...This takes me back. Nee-san's in the kitchen and we're just sitting back, watching her, all excited...
Yeah! I'm so happy, I can't wait to have Nee-san's cake...!
Thanks for the food! Whoa, it smells so good and looks amazing!
Let's eat! Ah, Nee-san's cakes... It's been so long...
Omnom... Mm, yummy! It's so good! 
You're right! It's delicious. Your cakes really are the best, Nee-san.
Hehe, I'm happy to hear you say that.
In all seriousness, how many years has it been since I last baked a cake...? I'm sure it's quite flawed.
It's really not!
No way! It's great! Your sweets are delicious and have the kind of taste that makes you happy and feel like you're having fun at the same time... 
We delightfully indulged ourselves in Nee-san's cakes.
I was once again reminded of our childhood in times like these. We'd eat too fast, Nee-san would scold us for our bad manners, and we'd choke up after swallowing our food too fast.
That kind, sweet flavor was so nostalgic, after all. Nono and I reverted to our childhood selves, filling our voices with enthusiasm and cheer.
Hehe, it's so good! Oh, right, I've been thinking about this for a while now...
Mmm? What?
Don't you have a boyfriend? Ever since I was a kid, I've always wondered what you'd be like in a romantic relationship. 
Wha...?
Come to think of it, I've never heard you talk about that sort of thing, Nee-san.
Nono was always a bit on the innocent side, but it was thanks to the sudden nostalgia trip that made us act a bit more childish than usual and exposed her sudden lack of restraint.
I was also curious and opted to take advantage of the situation by giving my two cents.
...Jeez. Why are you asking me something like that...? I've just never had a lover before, is all. Haha...
Huh, how come? You're so pretty, so how?
Yeah, why? If that's true, then the guys around here have crappy taste in women.
You're so pretty, kind, and dignified! Not to mention a great cook, too.
Right?! Ah, but maybe you're{W:700} too{W:0} perfect and men find you unapproachable...? Doesn't that happen sometimes with pretty, dependable women?
Makes sense. There are plenty of guys who'd fall for her, but they probably can't approach her with how stiff and strict she can be.
...Okay, that's enough, you two. I swear, compliment me all you want, but this cake is all you're getting.
But, Onee-chan, that has to be it... I'm sure they think you're way out of their league!
Yeah, I could see that. You're kinda like that pretty honor student that's hard to talk to.
...Please stop. I was never popular, and that's all there is to it.
No way that's true.
Wrong, wrooooong!
Since this was about Nee-san, Nono selflessly chimed in and we shot each other a quick nod of approval.
...Like I said, I just... 
Ah, Onee-chan, you're turning red! You're embarrassed!
Wha?!
Wow, so even a fearless woman like you can be cute sometimes, huh? Ahaha... 
S-Stop that... Anyway, I have work to do, so I'm leaving! Goodbye...!
Ah! Huh? You're really leaving?! No... I wanted to talk a little longer, Onee-chan...
Ah, right. You've got work to do. Okay... Thanks, Nee-san. Take care!
Mmm... Well, I hate to see you go, but... bye. Good luck with your work.
Ah, yes, thank you. See you later, you two... We're going back, Antoinette!
Nee-san called out to her canine companion, who sat obediently on the floor after receiving a dog treat while we stuffed ourselves with cake, and made a quick exit.
Bye-bye, Onee-chan. Thanks for the cake...! Um, so what do we do now?
Well, we should clean up and head back. We've walked around for a while and had a nice snack, so...
It ended up being a great day, Onii-chan! Onee-chan's cake was really good, ahaha!
