Haa... 
I retreated into the kitchen with a sigh, and tried to get back into the swing of things.
However, I was so zoned out that I'd gone to the Kitty Parlor instead of Beans Puppy.
Huh, Kenta... Wait, weren't you working over there today? 
Sorry, I got the stores mixed up... I'm really out of it today. Michiyo-san said I'd make a mistake, and here I am...
I felt bad... She just warned me about it, and look what happened! I really was stupid...
Huh, you came here on accident? Hm, maybe you got it wrong on purpose, just so you could see me? Haha...
...You're such an assertive and incredibly optimistic person, aren't you?
Makoto always had that kind of personality, and I strangely envied her for it.
I thought that was obvious? If I hold back, then nothing will ever happen and I'd just end up regretting it.
Huh?
If you want something to happen, then you need to{W:700} make{W:0} it happen. At least, that's how I see it.
...Huh?
With those timely words thrust out before me, I froze in place.
...What if it inconveniences the other person, though? Maybe they don't want to have those feelings forced on them...
I live true to my feelings. If the other person thinks I'm a nuisance, they should just tell me that to my face. 
Besides, what you just said isn't a problem at all. That "inconveniences the other person" thing...
Huh? But that{W:700} is{W:0} a problem.
Well, if it were me... and that person eventually reciprocated those feelings, then all of that would be wiped clean.
...I see. You're so strong, Makoto. That line of thinking seems impossible for me to imitate...
If I can get Nee-san to fall in love with me, then I won't be bothering her anymore...
Makoto could say stuff like that because of how beautiful and popular she was. If an ordinary guy like me tried to do that, then I'd be no better than a stalker...
That's right. Love makes women stronger, so you have to go for broke and put yourself out there.
I see... Yeah, you're right. Wait, what does the guy do in this situation? You said "love makes women stronger," but what about men...?
Ah, sorry, I should be going back now. See you, Makoto. I'll get my act together so I don't make such silly mistakes anymore.
Yeah, see you. Do your best today, Kenta! Bye-bye!
I needed to head back to work. I'm sure Michiyo-san would give me an earful again if I got caught goofing around.
Her words seemed lighthearted at first, but were actually quite meaningful, if a little shallow. That's how I saw it, anyway...
