Today's morning briefing had begun. 
...
I couldn't look Nee-san in the eye when I thought about what happened the night before... However, considering our relationship as teacher and student,{W:700} not{W:0} meeting was out of the question.
I acted like nothing happened, wore a nonchalant expression, and participated in the morning briefing as I always did.
And today, to no one's surprise,{W:700} that{W:0} person showed up to the meeting...
Ah man, this is the tits! Your sales have been incredible and are only gettin' better! Like,{W:700} incredibly{W:0} amazing! Haha!
Blog posts and other social media have been drawin' in customers bit by bit, and it's only gettin' better over the last few days!
Thanks to that, we've gotten lots of requests to be featured on TV! This is your chance to make your debut, ladies and gent!
Huh, TV?! Wait, we're gonna be on TV?! Oh my God, what should I do...?!
That's incredible! We're gonna be on TV?! Yaaay, if that happens, I gotta call and tell Mom and Dad!
Heheh. Well, I'm kind of used to it, but I'm glad this store's going to get some good publicity out of it.
But if you insist on me showing up, I guess I'd have no choice... Hehe, just kidding...
Do you all understand? This is our chance to use social media and get the word out about the stores!
It's such a shame so few people know about us and our wonderful shops... We really need to advertise!
...I hope exposing ourselves like this will lend us some good publicity.
Our stores have nothing to hide or be ashamed of. We can be our true selves...
I see... Yeah, we'd likely bring in more customers if we can get featured on TV and in magazines. People might travel just to come here, too.
Everyone reacted in their own, unique way to the news.
Incidentally, I really believed that this was something we could do.
Not like I was familiar with anything other than making sweets, like management strategies, so this was a great learning opportunity for me.
Right, right! If the media picks up on ya, then you'll definitely bring in a bunch of new customers!
They'll come floodin' in next week, too! Kaching...! Hehehe!
Anywho, this all thanks to ya workin' your butts off!
Keep workin' and rakin' in that cash! Do your bestest, guys! Hehe... Hehehehehe!
...Anyway, putting what the chairwoman said aside for a moment, having more customers{W:700} is{W:0} a good thing.
Ah...
...
Our eyes met. I tried not to look at her and focused solely on the chairwoman and other girls during the meeting, but I failed miserably...
...Ah...
Even though my heart skipped a beat, her expression remained the same.
(Act like nothing happened between us, huh... Forget everything that happened last night...)
Nee-san's words came to mind. Her indifferent attitude really drove home the fact that she was pretending it never happened.
...
...
She was drunk at the time and wasn't in the right state of mind. I assumed that meant...
That she hadn't done it willingly. She didn't{W:700} want{W:0} to have sex with me, as she was under the influence of alcohol.
Haa... 
I couldn't help but feel depressed when I thought of it that way and let out a long sigh.
Try as I might to convince myself otherwise, this was hard. I couldn't bring myself to forget about how Nee-san was that night.
Keep it up and work hard... It may not feel like real, traditional publicity, but the power of social media and word of mouth should never be taken lightly.
You'll eventually reach the mass media... Become the kind of store than can attract their attention and, after that...
Nee-san tried to reinterpret the chairwoman's words, but none of it was sinking in. 
My hearing was fine, but I couldn't process any of it and tuned her out. That's... how I felt.
