It had been a pretty busy day, but closing time eventually came and everything was starting to settle down.
Even though the store was closed for the day, it was still a little rowdy.
Good job! We sure worked hard today!
We certainly did. I'll be heading back now.
Yes, today's work is done...
Great job, everyone. I'll stay behind and work on a new cake. Good night!
I stayed behind again today. I waved goodbye, wearing the best smile I could muster, and returned to the kitchen.
...
I'd planned on fully devoting myself to work on a brand-new cake today...
But, to be honest, I wasn't really into it today. All I wanted to do was respond to the unsteady feelings brewing inside me.
...Tch... 
Despite those feelings, I got to work and my mind quickly wandered to Nee-san. Her face popped in my head and she was all I could think about.
I made the mistake of going to the Kitty Parlor instead of Beans Puppy today, but I knew I'd screw up in a bigger way if I didn't get my act together.
It was exactly like what Michiyo-san said. It would surely trouble the customers if I wandered around with a sour look on my face.
There was no doubt in mind that I needed to get my thoughts in order and switch gears as soon as possible.
Nee-san...
She was my first crush. Nee-san was beautiful, kind, strong-willed, dependable, and cute... Overall, she was a wonderful person.
Nee-san taught me the joy of sweets, and was someone I looked up to. My beloved older sister...
Nee-san...
Looking back, it was thanks to her that I learned how to make sweets in the first place.
It was because of Nee-san that I gained an appreciation for baking and wanted to try it for myself. She'd been the guiding light in my life...
It was fun watching Nee-san make sweets, and she inspired me to do the same...
Ah...
(Yeah... That's right, I finally understand... The sweet I've been striving to make must've been the same one I ate when I was a kid...)
(I love Nee-san's sweets because{W:700} she{W:0} made them... Through trial and error, I've tried to produce that same flavor ever since...)
All this time, I'd been aspiring to make Nee-san's sweets. She was the driving force behind everything...
That's when it hit me.
I loved Nee-san's sweets, but her happy smile while she made said sweets meant more to me.
I loved learning from and making sweets with Nee-san... I loved the ones she made, too...
I loved seeing her smile, and the smile she wore while making sweets...
Yes, it made sense. Her smile... No wonder why I couldn't make the Ultimate Sweet on my own...
It had nothing to do with my ability to{W:700} make{W:0} sweets. If the condition was Nee-san's smile, then I didn't know what to do...
Nee-san... This is bad, the more I think about it the less I understand.... The more I think about Nee-san, the less I... 
Hey, do you have any idea how late it is?
Nee-san!
A sharp voice suddenly spoke up behind me. 
I had been so startled by the timing, I thought my heart was going to leap out of my chest.
I hadn't realized I spent so much time making my cake, as it had gotten quite late.
It's late, so wrap it up. You've got work tomorrow, don't forget. Good night, then...
Ah, Nee-san!
Nee-san admonished me and quickly turned her heel to leave. I called out to stop her, preparing to spill all of the anxieties that had been eating away at me.
Yes, what is it?
I, um... I can't forget about what we did. We can't just act like nothing happened, right?!
...I see. What do you propose we do, then? If we can't ignore it, then where do we go from here?
She asked with an unsettled look on her face. When she did, all the feelings I'd been bottling up practically gushed out of me.
...I love you, Nee-san. I want to go out with you and for us to become lovers.
Huh... 
Ever since I was little, I've always loved you. I wanted to become a p｡tissier because of how good your cakes were...
It wasn't so much the cakes themselves, but the person who made them that I admired. You're the reason why I wanted to try making cakes in the first place...
I'm here because of you... You shaped me into the man I am today.
After all the time we spent together... If it weren't for you, then I wouldn't be here right now. That's how important you are to me in my life.
I love you, Nee-san! I want you to become my lover! I want to become your lover, Nee-san...!
Wh-What are you saying... all of a sudden...? Wh-What on earth's gotten into you...?
Nee-san seemed flustered by my sudden confession. There wasn't a single trace of her usual calm and collected attitude. Her face was flushed bright red and she began to ramble.
A-Anyway, um, I'm leaving... I'll be seeing you tomorrow, Yanushi...!
Unable to bear this conversation any longer, Nee-san outright got up and tried to run away. 
No, Nee-san, wait!
Ah...!
I grabbed her by the arm reflexively, stopping her in her tracks, and turned her to face me.
...I'm shocked. What do you find attractive in a crone like me?
Everything, I guess... I don't really see any crones around here, though.
...That's absurd. Do you have any idea what you're saying? 
Us becoming lovers, that's preposterous... Are{W:700} you{W:0} drunk, Yanushi?
She averted her astonished gaze away from me, but I couldn't afford to back down now. 
Preposterous or not, I still love you. There's nothing wrong about that, is there?
So you say, but... I'm not sure of where we should go from here.
Not only am I older than you, but I'm your teacher... If you ask me to become your lover, I...
Well, what about you, Nee-san? What do{W:700} you{W:0} want?
Wh-What do I want...? Even if you ask me that, I... Um, what I want is...
She went back and forth, trying to evade my question until I pressed her again.
Um... Do you hate me? If you do, then I'll stop.
What are you saying...? I-I don't hate you... It's just... 
What is it, then? You don't see me as a man because I'm too young for you?
That's not it at all... But...
Do you see me as a man, then?
...Yes. I wouldn't be agonizing over this so much otherwise.
I continued my interrogation by asking leading questions, earning nothing but silence and intermittent answers.
It couldn't be boiled down to a simple, "I love you!" or "Let's go out!"
In which case, I deliberately repeated my confession to fully drive the point home.
I love you, Nee-san. Please go out with me. I love you more than anyone, Nee-san. 
...You shouldn't say "I love you" so recklessly...
I'm as serious as can be, and I'm not taking this lightly. I've been thinking about this for a long time.
Yanushi... No, Kenta... 
She'd come to know my feelings, known my enthusiasm, and gradually opened her heart to me.
Wouldn't you... just regret going out with someone like me, though?
Of course not. Why would I?
...So you say, but when that time comes, you'll, um...
What's that supposed to mean...? You're making it sound like I'm half-assing it.
I didn't mean it that way, but... I still think that, um, someone like me isn't...
She may have opened her heart up to me a little, but she didn't fully trust me yet.
I need to prove to you how I feel with more than just words, then.
I'll do it, too. I'll prove it to you now, tomorrow, and for the rest of our lives. Will that be good enough for you to trust me, Nee-san?
Right, I understand... You've come this far, so I should at least give you an answer...
I'm determined to act on my feelings, too. That's how it should be, right, Kenta?
...Nee-san... 
...Mmgh, mph... Kenta... 
We'd made up our minds, and it felt more like a duel than the beginning of a romantic relationship.
This was where our story officially began. I'd prove my love for Nee-san going forward, and would stubbornly do so time and time again if I had to.
Nee-san, come here. 
Aah... 
My hands, which felt stronger than ever before, reached out for her slender, smooth frame...
