Hmm... Flour, flour...
I headed to the warehouse to get some flour...
Ah, Kenta-kun. Did you come to stock up?
Senpai... Yeah, I'm here to get some flour...
...and discovered I wasn't alone.
What a nice surprise, hehe! I'm here to stock up on flour and sugar. 
O-Oh... I see, ahaha... Yeah, what a coincidence... 
Senpai and I were alone in the warehouse.
Everything felt lighter now that I was in the presence of her kind smile. She was such a dependable person...
...What's wrong? You look kinda down.
...Oh, um...
I was unsure of how to deal with this newfound anxiety, so I decided to confide in Senpai and ask for her advice.
Um, Senpai, I've got something I need to ask you... I'll keep it short, so could you hear me out?
Huh, what? If you're okay with me, then sure, I'll listen. Go ahead.
That's, um...
I felt bad, but I decided to rely on Senpai a little. At the rate I was going, I wouldn't be able to work and get in everyone's way like Michiyo-san warned me about.
Actually, um... Someone I know is going through some stuff right now, and he asked me for advice...
They can't stop thinking about the person they really like, and eventually noticed this suffocating, anxious feeling in their chest... Do you know what I'm talking about?
Huh? Mmm, that happens often, yeah...
Really?! That happens to you, too, Senpai?
I was worried she'd think I was some weirdo and not understand what I meant, but she gave me a breezy-sounding reply. It happens for her that often...?
It's like when the person you've got a crush on is oblivious to your feelings, and that makes you even more anxious... I know all too well what that's like...
Huh? The person you like doesn't know how you feel, so you get depressed...?
Yeah, that's exactly right. You can't help but think, "Damn, they just don't get it!" It gets kinda depressing and sad.
Senpai replied with a smile and small sigh.
I get it now. That's normal, then... For me, for you... Right, it makes much more sense now.
Up until now, I could only think about sweets and was largely uninterested in matters of the heart.
However, thanks to Senpai, I felt a little better. Yeah... So everyone knows what this feels like. It's normal...
Hmm... Just to make it perfectly clear, I'm gonna tell you straight-up. That's called lovesickness, Kenta-kun.
Huh? Love... sickness...?
Were you talking about yourself just now? You said it was someone you knew, but I thought it was a friend...
Anyway, who are you thinking about, Kenta-kun? Who's got you so down?
Oh, is it me, by any chance? Haha...
Ah, no... Um, ah...
I-I'm sorry, that was rude! Th-Thanks for listening to me!
Huh? Wait up, Kenta-kun... Kenta-kun!
At a complete loss for words, I threw out a seemingly random, if not panicked, excuse and fled from the storeroom.
I felt bad for Senpai, but I had no choice. I'd have to thank her and apologize properly later. 
(...So what, then? I'm lovesick? Why? With who...? With Nee-san? Since when? When did this start...?)
Even though I knew the answer, it still left me plenty confused. Nothing would get settled if I left things this way, though...
The{W:700} when{W:0} it happened was besides the point.{W:700} How{W:0} I felt was more important than the specifics.
Nee-san... I... Nee-san... I'm lovesick because of Nee-san... And that means, I... love Nee-san...
I'd finally become aware of my own romantic feelings.
I thought it was nothing more than a silly, childhood crush, but it was anything but. Those complex feelings had persisted to this day.
But what should I do now? Nee-san wanted nothing more than to forget it ever happened.
(Nee-san hated me... Should I go against her wishes? No, that's not right... But...)
But, well... I... What on earth should I do...?!
