...
Although I busied myself with making cakes for when we opened the store, my mind was a million miles away.
That gloomy feeling wasn't wearing off; on the contrary, the longer it lasted, the worse it got.
Nee-san...
Why? How can she be so nonchalant after everything that happened?
Before I knew it, sheｩNee-san was the only thing on my mind.
(Nee-san... What are you thinking...? Do you really want to forget about it...?)
(Do you hate me now or regret what happened between us...? Even if you don't, you still don't see me as someone you'd want to be with...)
(You want me to forget, but I can't pretend nothing happened or that it wasn't real... Unless I hit my head or lose my memory or something...)
I continued preparing cakes, repeating the same, monotonous tasks over and over again, but my mind remained fixed on what happened between us.
I couldn't help but zone out, even though I knew how dangerous that could be in the kitchen.
Yanushi.
Huh? Oh, Michiyo-san... 
Surprisingly, Michiyo-san approached me with a harsh expression on her face.
...I don't know what happened, but don't go out to the front of the store with that depressed look on your face. You'd spoil everyone's mood.
H-Huh...? Depressed?
Yes, very much so. If I were a customer, I wouldn't want to come to a store where the employees looked as gloomy as you do.
Oh, sorry, I'll be careful... I'm really sorry, I was just zoning out a little, hmm...
...Just be careful. That somber look on your face would be the least of your worries if you're not all here. Accidents{W:700} can{W:0} happen, you know.
What if you make a mistake that you can't take back? Even a small mishap could be fatal, especially if it impacts the customer.
I don't know what's going on, but something regretful may happen if you don't concentrate on what you're doing.
We don't want to get in trouble because of you, either. Keep that in mind. I'm, reluctantly, warning you.
Yes, I'll be careful... Thank you, Michiyo-san. I'm really sorry.
As harsh as Michiyo-san's words were, I was grateful for them. 
If I were left to my own devices, my listlessness could trouble everyone else and result in a huge mishap.
I needed to shift gears and focus solely on my work. I couldn't afford to let my mind wander...
...
Even so, my heart continued to ache and showed no signs of stopping. I may have focused my attention elsewhere, but it wouldn't be so easy for my heart...
So long as I kept my head on straight, I wouldn't screw up. I had to stay positive and somehow get through the rest of the day...
...What's wrong with me, though? Why couldn't I get Nee-san out of my head...?
I'll be getting back to work, then. Pull yourself together, Yanushi, so you don't trouble everyone else. 
Yeah. Thank you, Michiyo-san. I'll do my best. 
Ah... Hey, looks like we're running out of flour... I'll go to the storeroom to get some more. 
...Understood. I'll let the others know.
Nodding at Michiyo-san's sullen expression, I left the kitchen.
