Kenta...
Nee-san removed her glasses, locked eyes with mine, and wrapped her arms around my neck.
Let's have some fun, Nee-san... Well, more fun than before, I guess. Haha...
This was our first time having sex as a couple. We eyed each other shyly, and couldn't help but feel happy about what we were about to do.
Heheheh...
Ahahaha...
We were still incredibly nervous following our confession, not to mention in an embarrassing state of undress. That only made this all the more exciting, though...
With that said, we smiled happily and pulled each other into a tight, intoxicated embarace.
...
...Mm...
Just snuggling quietly like this made me oddly happy, yet scared knowing I could climax right then and there.
Say, Kenta...
Mm?
Nee-san slowly parted her lips to speak.
I really do, um... I really do love you... so much. I love you so much, I don't know what to do with myself... 
I don't care that we're cousins, or a teacher and her student anymore... I love you as you are, and want you by my side...
I'm happy, Nee-san. That makes me so happy. I feel the same...
But...
But?
In her risque state of dress, with flushed cheeks, ears, and neck, she averted her gaze sadly.
I'm much older than you, and there are so many cute girls that are around your age... You know that, don't you?
I really don't think I'm a good fit for you... I don't think this relationship is healthy.
This is more of a momentary whim... You could get tired of me and cut ties completely at any moment...
That's not going to happen. Ever since I was a kid, I've always, always, always loved you. I won't get tired of you, not now or ever.
...Ah, mmgh... I swear, you really are... 
Nee-san averted her gaze once again. I pulled her into a tight embrace and began thrusting my hips.
Ah... Nee-san, I... can't hold back anymore...
Huh? Aaah... Kenta... W-Wait... Aah, a-aaah, aaah... Hah, ah...!
Sloshing noises erupted between us, and her moist, warm flesh clung to my skin.
Haah, ah, haa, haa! Your hot, hard thing is going in... It's so big and thick...
Haa, ah! It feels good, Nee-san... You're really hot and wet, too! You won't stop wringing me out... Haaa...
Even with a light touch, we couldn't help but tilt our heads back, moan, and shiver from the sensation it provided.
As mind-blowing pleasure coursed through our bodies, I suddenly felt zapped of all my strength when the friction of her tight, wet folds greedily clung to my cock.
Kenta... Th-Thank you... I love you, too... I've always loved you... 
When you were little, I always saw you as a cute little brother... You were so precious to me... 
But as you got older, I started seeing you as a man... So much so that even I was perplexed by it... Ah!
Nee-san's expression could only be described as "bewildered" as I plowed into her soft meat and shouted softly.
Ah...!
I couldn't help but moan when her pussy, which secreted an obscene amount of love juices and trembled, greedily sucked at my cock.
If I stood still for even a moment, her trembling inner walls would contract tightly around me and instantly bring me to orgasm.
I'm moving, Nee-san... So feel good and cum as hard as you want...!
K-Kenta, cum... Feel good... Aaa, mm, ah, aaah!
Unable to restrain myself, I swung my hips and plunged my rock-hard cock into her moist, honey-soaked depths.
Nee-san responded in kind by moving her own hips in large, inexperienced thrusts.
Squelch, squelch, squelch, squelch!
Aaaaah! Aaah, mmph! Your penis is hitting me, haah! I'm gonna break, ah... I'm gonna fall apart, aaaaah!
Th-There's really no getting used to this. It doesn't hurt, but the blows are so hard... Aaah!
Mmph, haa, men don't really get used to this either... When it feels good, everything goes white... Aaah...
I watched her irresistibly large breasts and lewd limbs writhe under me as I churned her insides in a swift, consistent motion.
Until now, I'd only lightly sampled Nee-san's insides, but my cock was consistently submerged into her deep, wet folds.
Her vaginal walls undulated and shivered against me. Because of that, my cock was{W:700} too{W:0} hard at that point.
Mmm, aaah! It feels good... Kenta... Why... Why me... There's so many girls you could...
Mmph, aaah! I might be cumming... This numb, lewd sensation is coming over me... Aaah!
I love you because you're you, Nee-san! That's all there is to it... Ah, haa, Nee-san, I love you, c-cum together with me...
Cumming! I'm gonna cum, Nee-san! I'm cumming, so accept it all...!
Cum! I'll cum, too... Together, I want to cum together... Use me to feel good, Kenta... Ah, aaah...!
Up until now, I simply grit my teeth and beared it, but my body shivered and I could no longer restrain myself.
We repeatedly rocked our hips against one another and pressed our genitals together, almost as if we were squeezing them.
Nn, ugh! Cum, give me all your cum... Haa, ah, aaah, pump it all out again...!
C-Cumming! I want to cum with you, as hard as we can... Ah, mm, ah.. Ah, ah, cummiiiiing...!
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt, squiiirt, squiiiiirt!
Aaaah! It's coming out! Your hot stuff is squirting inside me and filling me up... Aaaah!
It feels good! More, I want more, aaaaah! Go all the way and give me more! Ah, ah, Kentaaaaa...!
I'll pour more inside you, Nee-san! I'll go deeper and deeper, and give you lots of semen... Haa...
Haaaa, oh, aaah... It's still coming out! It won't stop, Nee-san! Take all of it, Nee-saaaan...!
Haaa, aaaaah! Mm, haah, haaa, aaah! It's so thick and heavy! There's so much of it, aaah... Aaaaaah...!
There was no stopping our excitement. Our cries, ejaculation, and spasms showed no signs of letting up. I was fairly certain we spent a long time moaning and spasming against each other.
Ah, aaaah... Mmph, haaa, haa... Mm, aah... Mmgh, I feel like I'm getting blown away.. Almost like an explosion...
Haa, haaa, ah, aah... It's hot... It feels like I'm going to burn up and melt. Everything feels like mush at this point, aaagh...
...Mm, haah, mm... Aaah... I don't think I can possibly cum anymore. Mmgh, aah... Haaa... Haa...
Our climax may have subsided, but our moans refused to let up.
I couldn't tell if our orgasms were over just yet, though. What felt like a gentle wave caressed our bodies, making us shiver and tremble.
It really is heavy... You came so much and so hard inside me... I can't go back like this...
If I tried walking around with this hot, syrupy stuff inside me... it'd leak out. Mm, aaah...
Yeah, we're soaking wet... Tissues won't be enough to wipe away this sticky feeling...
I know. Nee-san, why don't we take a bath? Do you want to, um, bathe together?
...Yes, I'd like to take a bath. Haa, haah... I can't... go back like this, after all...
Ah, aaah... Anyway, we'll use tissues for the time being... and then go to the bath... Haa, haa... 
Well, we have to get dressed first. Ahaha, I doubt anyone's there now, but we'd definitely get yelled at if we walked into the dorms butt naked.
...Obviously. Walking all the way to the dorms in the nude... Aaah, we can't look unseemly, now. Haha...
We sluggishly got our hot, twitching bodiesｩwhich were now soaked with semen and love juicesｩto their feet and started getting dressed.
Our bodies were exhausted, but we couldn't help but laugh as we got dressed and headed for the dorms...
...Hey, cut that out. Where do you think you're touching...? You're fondling my breasts and twisting my nipples... Mmm, aaah... 
Besides, with how large the bath is, why are you clinging to me like glue and pressing against me?
C'mon, may as well take advantage of the chance. Let's cuddle, relax, and enjoy this. 
Jeez... I don't see how this is relaxing. Aah, mmgh, don't tug on them like that, stop... Aaah, haaah...
I-I swear, you're so... You came that much and it's still not enough... You're a troublesome young man, aren't you...?
It's not enough. I could cum and have sex with you over and over again, and it'll never be enough.
After washing off in the shower, we submerged ourselves in the tub and snuggled against one another.
Now that we were here, I invited her to sit on my lap. She shot me an adorable glare as I started toying with her breasts and nipples.
Hey, Nee-san... 
Mm? Aah, haa...
While pinching and twisting her rosy nipples, I whispered into her ear and jiggled her soft ass against my lap.
Why did you decide to become a teacher, Nee-san? I always thought you'd become a p｡tissi｢re.
Hehe... Watching someone as talented as you made me realize where I stood.
Huh...
I'm not blaming you, but... You were so wonderful, I thought it best to be more of a supportive figure to people like you instead.
That's when I decided to work behind the scenes and help raise talented individuals... like yourself.
I see. Thank you, Nee-san... I only got this far because of you... I'm incredibly grateful to you...
Mm, ah...
Overjoyed, I pulled her into a tight embrace. My hand, which was still propped against her breast, reflexively squeezed and elicited a deep moan from Nee-san.
Thank you, Nee-san. Let's be kind to one another going forward. Starting today, I'lll... Oh, wait. Maybe I should call you "Fumiko-san" instead, haha...
...C-Call me whatever you want. I'll be watching over you, both privately and professionally, either way...
Ah, stop... Any harder, and I'll go crazy... Don't shake them! Not my nipples, don't touch me there...
Mmph, mm! I can feel it in my spine! It's shaking, aaaah, it's like my womb is on fire... Ah, aaaaah...!
Mm, aaah! It feels like I just came a little... Mmm, what are you doing? We're in the bath...
Warn me first before you do it that hard! What are you thinking...?! We're finally in the bath, how is this resting...?
Sorry, sorry, you were just so cute. I just... Haa, haa, mm, ah...
I applied pressure to both my palm and fingers, which rewarded me with a high-pitched shriek as I fondled her breasts and tugged at her engorged nipples.
It seemed Nee-san had orgasmed, albeit a light one. I certainly felt it in my rock-hard crotch, too.
Mmm... Kenta, your penis is getting hard again... Jeez, what's with you...?
If we keep going, do you want to have sex again? We're in the bath, so it would save us the trouble of washing up after...
J-Jeez, you're so... Aaah, haah! Haah, doing it again... here? Ah, aaah...!
W-Well, if we're going to do it, let's do it on the floor instead. We'll need to wash it after we're done, too!
Aaaah, damn, what am I even saying?! That almost sounded like an invitation.. Haa, don't squeeze my nipples, aaaah...!
Ahaha... I love you, Nee-san...
...Mm, aah... I'm not going to stop complaining just because you said that... Mmph, haa, haa, you sneaky boy, you... 
Ah, I don't think I can move... My head's starting to spin... No, I think it's already spinning... Ah, mm, mmph...
We'd pass out from the steam at this rate, but we'd probably be okay. I wanted to stay like this for as long as possible, after all...
We cuddled and nuzzled our cheeks together with a smile.
That was all there was to it. I pulled Nee-san close and held onto her tightly...
