The exam eventually concluded and, riding out the wave of being crowned MVP, I set out to train abroad.
I returned to Japan two years later and had work offers from famous stores coming in left and right.
The question of whether or not I should work with one of those stores, or just open up my own small business, was one I would mull over after everything settled down.
Upon my return to Japan, the first person to greet me was, of course, Nee-san.
We kept in touch after I went aborad through daily emails, phone and video calls.
Nee-san would also take a short vacation to come and visit the countries I was in.
I returned to Japan for the first time in a long while, and Nee-san immediately asked me what Japanese dish I wanted to eat upon landing. 
My answer was simple: "I want to eat your cake." We later stopped by Nee-san's place, which was where she'd make my cake.
...Seriously, this isn't Japanese food... But if that's what you want to eat, Kenta, I suppose I should oblige. 
Don't you eat cakes all the time over there, though? Besides, a cake made by an amateur p｡tissi｢re is...
Thanks, Nee-san. I'm happy to hear you call me by my first name, and for the cake. It's a happy, nostalgic feeling...
...I guess I should start calling you "Fumiko-san" instead. It's just a little awkward, and I can't get used to it... 
...You can just call me "Fumiko"... No need to be so formal or call me "Nee-san" now...
Ah, the decorations fell apart... This is hard, hmm... It's been a while since I made a cake, hasn't it...?
She'd invited me to her home and put her heart into making a cake for me... Nee-san, no... My Fumiko...
The way she coated the sponge cake with cream, or how she hummed thoughtfully and waved her arms about to ensure the dish was properly balanced, was incredibly adorable.
And besides... 
You've got cream on your cheek. 
I don't mind, I'll wipe it off later. Right now, it's far more important for me to finish this cake...
Ahaha... You're so serious about it, Fumiko-san... 
I smiled, watching her grapple with the cake. 
If I tried to lick off the cream, she'd probably just chastise me and say, "Just sit still!" Even so, it sounded fun.
Hmm, the shape is coming along nicely... All that's left is to iron out the little details, and...
...Fumiko-san.
Mm? What is it, Kenta?
I nuzzled my face against her, leaned in and whispered the words I'd been waiting to say into her ear...
I'm sorry for making you wait while I was traveling...
Huh? What are you saying? I supported it, and said as much. You don't need to apologize.
Let's get married. Marry me, Fumiko-san. I'm sorry you had to wait so long for me to ask...
Kenta...
It may have looked like I was taking advantage of her being busy making my cake, but this was an honest marriage proposal.
...Oh...
And her answer was... 
I refuse.
Huh?!
How would you react if I said that? Ahaha!
Huh?!
Of course I'd say "Yes." You always tease me, so I thought I'd get you back for once!
No, um... you nearly gave me a heart attack, so let's not do that again.
Heheh, I went a little too far. I'm sorry. 
Thank you, Kenta... I'm happy. But I can't hug you and celebrate right now. It would ruin the cake...
I have to make sure your cake is perfect... But, after that, I'd love to hug you...
Haha, sure, whenever you're ready. We'll always be together, so you can hug me whenever and however long you'd like.
Kenta... Hehe. That's right. We'll always be together from now on.
Let me finish this cake, then. Just wait a little longer!
I'll wait, so take your time. Go at your own pace, Fumiko-san.
I wanted to hug her right there and then, but I had to wait for the time being. 
She'd smack me if I squished her cake. This power dynamic hadn't changed a bit since we became lovers, and probably won't even after we get married.
Mm, and... All right, a little more... Just a bit more... Ah, it fell apart. This really is complicated, hmm...
Ahaha... Thanks, Fumiko-san. You worked so hard for this. It looks great. There really is nothing like "Nee-san's cakes."
Fumiko-san struggled to make this cake for me...
And so, the two of us were now engaged.
All right, this time I'll definitely... Aaah, it rises up here when I try to put it over there... The art of cream is a hard one indeed, oh, aaah...!
Knowing how we felt about each other, I'd imagine we'd register and have the ceremony very, very soon...
