By doing so, we'd able to react faster when there's a rush.
Wouldn't that become an even heavier burden on us individually?
What, can't handle it? It's not a problem for me.
I-It's easy for me, too! 
Great, so no problem here. What about you guys?
It is only natural to strive for high-quality results.
It might be difficult, but it's a good idea if it means the customer will be happier...
That's right. The customers come here to relax, so stressing them out kind of defeats the purpose. 
I'm fine with it, too. 
Well, with that in mind, let's try that tomorrow.
Is there anything else? 
I have a suggestion. 
Our customers are, of course, expecting delicious confections and tea.
However, a number of people only wish to play with our cats and dogs.
I wonder if there's an easier way for them to interact and play with the animals?
You're right. Being a cat and dog caf｣, it's odd we're not focusing more on that major selling point.
Do you have something specific in mind?
The dogs are one thing, but cats can be really anti-social.
Do we have anything they can sink their teeth into?
Sink their teeth... Oh, that's it! Maybe the customers can feed them?
We can make the treats ourselves, and the customers can both buy and feed it to them.
That's right. No animal will say no to a snack, and it'll generate more income, too.
Won't they get fat if everyone feeds them, though?
We can make healthier snacks that aren't very fattening. It'll be fine so long as they get exercise every now and then.
What do you think, Michiyo-san?
...It is certainly worth trying.
Hand feeding the animals will make the customers really happy! What a great idea!
I'll do some research on what kinds of treats animals can eat later.
Are there any other ideas? If not, I've got something in mind!
Maybe we can expand the menu a bit?
That sounds like a fine idea.
I'm not opposed, as adding new items will ensure our regular clients won't get tired of our food.
For now, why don't we try making samples first?
We can taste each other's work and give our feedback.
That sounds like fun! 
No objections here. 
Let's get started, then.
All right!
Hmmm... I guess that's that. 
Looks like I finished first. I should take this opportunity to check on what the others are making.
So, who should I pick?
