I pulled Michiyo-san into a tight embrace.
Ah... Yanushi. 
It was different from her usual tone... Her voice was hoarse and frail, the kind that made me want to protect her, as a man.
With Michiyo-san in my arms, I brought her face so close to mine that our lips were but centimeters away...
Which one of us would move first, I wonder...?
Ahem, nnn... Mmch, ahm... 
Haa, haa, Michiyo-san... May I?
It may be odd to do it here, but we can if you want... Actually, I{W:700} am{W:0} still shivering...
Of course I would. I want to keep holding you...
Our bodies intertwined in the dark depths of the park. We moved to a place where we wouldn't be found to avoid prying eyes.
Nhaa... Aaah, nn...! It's coming... It's coming in... Your penis is going inside me... Aaaah!
We hid behind a thicket to avoid getting caught, but our clothes would get dirty if we did it on the lawn...
That thought gave me pause, but Michiyo-san simply leaned forward and wrapped her arms around a tree like so.
"I want you to do it from behind, like an animal," she said and directed her defenseless ass at me seductively.
The frilly thong she wore under her uniform, which barely covered her lower lips, was much more daring than I imagined such a frank, detached, and proud girl like Michiyo-san would wear... 
A sexy thong and this lewd pose... Michiyo-san's gaze met mine as I swallowed nervously, but she quickly looked away with flushed cheeks.
The noticeable gap in her behavior was so cute, it only made me want to tease her more.
I removed Michiyo-san's embarrassingly moist panties, likely wet from our earlier kissing, and slipped my member into her depths.
Nng... Aaah, nnn...! It's rubbing inside... I can feel it, clearer than before... Aaah!
I guess your insides are getting used to sex. I feel good, too. You're squeezing down on me. 
You shouldn't talk like that. It's really embarrassing...
As she writhed beneath me, her pussy contracted and squeezed my cock even tighter.
An indescribable pleasure enveloped my penis and shot up my spine like electricity.
But you're dressed so provocatively, Michiyo-san... It's almost like you're inviting me inside.
You're showing off your big boobs, too... See, even your nipples are hard.
Wha! It's because you exposed my breasts, and stop lying about my nipples... Ahh!
I'm not lying, am I? If I pinch and roll them with my fingers... Even you can tell how horny you are.
That's wrong, it's just because you're toying with them... Aaah! You poke them, and they get hard... My nipples are getting hard...
Are you feeling it?
Aaaah, I'm not feeling... Aaah! 
With every lewd thing I said or did, her pussy clamped around my swollen cock.
The sound of our moist genitals rubbing against each other gradually turned into a louder, more pronounced splashing sound. 
Was Michiyo-san the kind of girl who gets turned on by this kind of situation?
Like being talked dirty to, or the possibility of getting caught? Maybe she was the kind of girl who got excited by these kinds of thrilling, yet dangerous, situations.
Witnessing such a drastic change in her usually stiff personality was pretty charming, and only turned me on more.
Aah! Nnn! Ah... Aaaah! 
Your voice is pretty sexy. Every time I thrust inside, you make these cute noises...
Cute...?! B-Being called cute is really embarrassing. Don't say things like that!
You are cute, though... Really cute, in fact. The lips that make those sweet noises every time I move are cute, too...
Nnnnh, aaah! 
Your huge breasts jiggle every time I fuck you from behind...
Aaah, aah... Don't grab them, and stop... stop toying with my nipples... Aaaah, hiii!
They're big, but really sensitive, too. You feel this good even though someone like me is fondling them...
..."Someone like you"? You fool, it's precisely{W:700} because{W:0} it's you that I'm this sensitive. 
Even if I were to touch myself, they wouldn't be so sensitive... But, when you... when you touch them, they get really hot...
They start throbbing the second you touch them, and I can't help but make noises... Just like now, aaah! Aaah!
I'm happy, Michiyo-san. You really are cute. You want me, don't you?
I keep telling you to stop calling me that and it's embarrassing... Aaaah!
It's embarrassing, but you like it, right? Every time I call you cute, your pussy squeezes. 
Or do you hate it when I call you cute?
I... I don't hate it...
I'll keep saying it, then. You're cute. You're{W:700} really{W:0} cute.
Aah... What?! Aaah...!
I whispered the word "cute" in her ear over and over again. Each time I did, Michiyo-san writhed and gave me an adorable reaction.
Her inner walls continued to spasm, pleasantly coiling around my rock-hard member.
I attacked Michiyo-san's pussy much more aggressively in an attempt to intensify the pleasure.
You're cute, Michiyo-san. Your eyes and gestures are so adorable. The way you react when we're having sex... See? 
Uuuu! Aaah! Aaaah! Hii, aaah... So rough, you're so rough inside me! Haah, haaah!
The rougher I get, the more it turns you on, right? That part of you is adorable, too. I'll say it over and over again... You're cute, Michiyo-san.
Ngh, Aaah... Hya!
I plunged into her depths roughly, then gradually settled into a slow, deep rhythm... whispering the word "cute" all the while.
Her body stiffened from shame, and yet she could still feel the entire length of my cock... Her body twitched violently.
And as time went on, I didn't even have to poke her from the inside anymore. Just saying the word "Cute" made her pussy contract and her body convulse. 
Haah, aaah... S-Stop. Don't say anymore... Just stop, Yanushi... Aaah!
I won't, because it's true. You're cute, Michiyo. You're so cute. See, it's twitching like it's about to cum... Your lewd parts are so cute.
Hnnnnnnng!
Michiyo-san's body shivered again. This time, I pushed my hips upward and tried to press against the entrance of her womb.
That pressure registered as extreme pleasure for Michiyo-san and made her body shake uncontrollably in response.
Aaaah, phew... Haa, haa... Hii, aah... Haa, haa...
She let out a desperate moan and basked in the ecstasy of her climax.
I felt a warm liquid gush out over my lower half repeatedly. I think she ejaculated from the climax. 
You really are cute, Michiyo-san. Horny and cute...
I haven't cum yet, so just play along with me for just a little bit longer. Let's make this quick, since there's no telling if someone might spot us.
Haah, haah... They will? Someone might see us...? Aaah...
Michiyo... Michiyo-san?
She was visibly exhausted from her orgasm just a moment ago, but started bucking her hips against me as if someone had flipped a switch.
Aaaah, fuck, this is amazing... It's tighter than before.
I get it now! When I commented on the possibility of someone seeing us, she started to panic.
You don't have to try so hard, Michiyo-san. I'm enjoying it as it is...
Nnnnn, aaah...! I like this, too... And, aaah... My body's really hoooot...!
Huh?
It's like you said: There's no telling if someone will see us, so we have to make this quick.
But, buuut.... This is weird. I'm weird... I only want you more now... It won't stop feeling good... Aaah!
Her sensual movements only grew more intense. Michiyo-san suddenly bent her hips, as if she were pinning me down, and that only drove me closer to climax.
I had driven Michiyo-san to orgasm just by whispering the word "cute" in her ear over and over again.
But now, as I surrendered myself to her wild movements, I was the one teetering between the anxiety and delight of not knowing when my own orgasm would come.  
Aaah, Michiyo-san. That feels good... The way you move like that feels so good. Your pussy is clinging to me like it's trying to squeeze me dry... 
Th-That's because it feels so good. My vagina and womb feel so much hotter than when you called me cute...!
Hearing that it was better now than when I was showering her with compliments kinda hurt...
But I more or less understood now. Calling her "cute" made her feel good.
Michiyo-san was likely the type of girl who got turned on when she was embarrassed.
Seducing me with her state of dress and being whispered sweet nothings to only turned her on more. Being called "cute" only made her embarrassment skyrocket.
The possibility of getting caught only fueled the flames of her desire.
Come to think of it, Hina saw us the first time we had sex... Did that traumatize Michiyo-san? 
Aaah, nnn... Yanushi, Yanushi! Stop daydreaming. Go faster, harder!
Aaah, sorry... Gotta concentrate on you now. 
That's right, on me and nothing else... Nnn, look at me... I want you to crave me, Yanushi... Aaaah!
Michiyo-san... 
Aah! Aaaah! More, go harder and deeper... Ngh, I-I'll go harder, too... Aaah! Good, it feels so good. Your dick feels good!
Michiyo-san matched my thrusts and rocked her hips against me in a lewd fashion.
Responding to her movements, I dug deeper into her and impatiently rubbed my glans against her deepest part.
Nnng! I-If you do that, aaah... I can't, my mind's gone blank. I can't think of anything but sex...!
Hiyaaa, aaah...! Cumming, you're making me cum. Time after time... Aaaah! Cumming, I'm gonna cuuum!
Me too, let's do it together this time... I wanna cum inside you. Aaah... Michiyo-san, Michiyo-san!
You want to cum lots inside me? Good, you can cum lots... so more, do more...!
Michiyo-san...!
I couldn't think of anything else anymore. The only thing I could do was seek Michiyo-san out, plunge and prod deeper at her moist depths with all my might.
Her pussy clamped down tightly around me, giving the impression that my cock was being crushed against her uterus.
Michiyo-san's depths felt so incredible, I wasn't sure I could ever feel this sensation ever again and wanted to cum endlessly into her womb...
Aaaah, crap. I'm almost there... Michiyo-san, accept me! Accept my...!
Aaah, it's coming. It's coming... I'm cumming, too! Aaaah, it's, it's... Hiyaa! 
...Kuh, aaaaah!
Haaa, aah... Kya! Cumming, it's in my belly... Haah, I'm cumming from getting creampied! I can't help it anymore, no more, I'm cumming, cuuuuming!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Haa, haa... Aaah, it's cumming... I can't stop it...
Aaah, aaah...!
Spurts of cum gushed into Michiyo-san's welcoming pussy, causing her shoulders to visibly jump with each contraction.
Michiyo-san...
I held her close as she shivered from the aftershocks of our lovemaking.
Thank you, Michiyo-san. You were really cute... 
Her body shook again... 
F-Fool. If you call me cute now, it'll make me cum all over again. Just be quiet...
All right. 
We remained still for some time and were locked in a tight embrace. I hugged her again, waiting for her shivering to stop...
...and basked in her warmth.
