Now that I've taken a bath, it's time for bed...
It's still early, but I don't have anything else to do.
Or so I thought, but it looked like I had a visitor.
Come in. 
Pardon me. 
Hey. What are you doing up at this hour?
Were you about to go to bed? 
Well, I didn't have anything better to do. I've got a reason to stay up a little longer now that you're here, though.
Feel free to stick around and hang out with me. I'm bored!
Don't stay up for my sake. Please get some sleep.
No worries, I'm not tired. So, what's up?
I was having trouble sleeping, and thought we could talk for a bit.
Makoto-chan and Hinana-chan are already asleep, so I figured I'd ask.
I hope I'm not being a bother, though. Is that okay?
Like I said, I'm bored. Let's chill.
You're so sweet, you'd never turn someone down, huh?
I'm not a saint like you make me out to be. Seriously, I{W:700} do{W:0} want to talk to you.
Don't you know that men live to talk to a beautiful and wonderful young woman like yourself?
You used that word again.
Just calling it like I see it. Same as how I can't help but talk about how tasty a cake can be.
I'm not sure how I feel about being compared to a cake, but that does sound like something you'd say, Kenta-kun.
Either way, you're wonderful. I guarantee it.
It's embarrassing to hear you say that with such gusto, but that makes me happy...
You're the only one who says that about me.
No, who wouldn't be happy to hear the person they love say nice things about them?
Your face is a little pink.
And whose fault is that?!
Why are you blaming me?
Jeez... You're totally oblivious to the effect you have on me...
You're as cute as you are pretty.
Cute... I have no idea what makes you think that. 
You, of course. You're the only one I'm looking at right now.
Y-Y-Y-You can't keep saying stuff like that...!
Did I say something bad?
Th-That's not it... I'm happy. So happy, in fact, my heart feels like it'll burst.
Thank God. I thought I'd said something that had rubbed you the wrong way.
J-Jeez... I'm so flustered, I'm wide-awake now...
Uh-oh. We've got work tomorrow, and going in without sleeping is a bad idea.
You just have to calm down, okay? What can we do... maybe go on a walk?
Getting some fresh air might help calm you down.
B-Before that... I wanna thank you...
Thank me? What for?
For calling me wonderful... and pretty, and cute...
Never mind that. I was just stating the obvious.
It doesn't matter{W:700} why{W:0} you said it. It made me happy all the same...
It'll keep bothering me if I don't thank you for it...
I appreciate it, but what do you want to do?
Well, you seeｩ
