Oh, you aren't going back? 
Seeing everyone's work kind of got my creative juices flowing, so I'll stay here for a bit longer. 
That's so like you, Kenta-kun. You work hard, and you're really talented, too. I can't compete...
I'm still learning. Being surrounded by such talented ladies made me realize I still have a ways to go.
That includes you, Senpai. 
No, I'm nothing special. 
I've still got lots to learn! That's why I've gotta try extra hard.
With that said, would you mind if I join you? It'll be frustrating if everyone leaves me in the dust.
You're more than welcome to. Let's do our best.
Yeah, let's! 
All right!
I already knew this, but seeing you work is really eye-opening. 
You think so?
Mhm! We're making the same thing, but your methods are totally different. I always make little mistakes...
I'm really happy, though. I become a better p｡tissi｢re every day.
The cake you made was really good, Kenta-kun. My mouth is filled with happiness...
Right back at you. I can still taste the honey toast you made.
Was it too sweet for a boy's palate?
It was spot-on. I wish I could taste that flavor forever...
I already knew this, and I realize it all over again every time I taste it, but your bread is amazing, Senpai.
I-It is? 
It would've been bad if the bread, or the foundation of the dish, wasn't good enough to match the honey or other toppings.
I'm not being biased because we're friends, Senpai. Your bread is a lot better than the bakeries we work with.
You're exaggerating... 
No, I'm serious. I'm a huge fan of your bread!
Th-Thanks...
I was just thinking how your baking only got better. 
I have no way of knowing, but I'd want to get better at making sweets instead...
You're getting better at that, too. Oh, but who am I to make these kinds of calls? Sorry, that was very condescending.
Not at all. If you're a fan of my bread, then I'm a fan of your pastries!
Don't say "fan." It's embarrassing...
You just said that to me, so you're not allowed to get embarrassed.
But, seriously, you're the coolest person ever when you make pastries.
That's not... 
It's true, really! My heart beats like crazy whenever we work together.
Ahaha... Does that mean your heart's racing right now, too?
It is... I want to touch you... Something hot inside me is throbbing... 
Do you think I'm a dirty girl?
No, I think you're cute. 
If you're honest about that, please... 
Senpai... 
