I mean, this{W:700} was{W:0} Hina we're talking about here, but...
Not that I disliked it; sleeping with Hina was great! So I didn't hesitate to claim the prize she willingly offered me.
Let's do it, Hina...
Yes. Like this, come to me just like this... I can't wait any longer... 
Nn...! 
Aah... Ah, aaaaaah...!
No one should be around at this hour, especially in one of the empty rooms.
And so, we hid at the furthest end of the lockers and indulged in each other's bodies.
We'd likely be able to feign ignorance if someone happened to walk in, as we were still wearing our work uniforms.
Taking off only our underwear, my cock sank into the only exposed_and most important_part of Hina's body. 
Nnn, aaaah...!
Hina covered her mouth with her hands in order to stifle her voice, and tears quickly filled her eyes as the pleasure of insertion overtook her. 
Seeing Hina, who was normally so cheerful, with tears in her eyes and a distorted, yet flushed look on her face sent a shockwave of excitement through my body.
Ken-chan... You're going in. You're going inside me...!
Is this really all right, though? We've hardly done any foreplay, and while you're cute with clothes on, I'd really like to see you naked...
How about you take off your clothes, Ken-chan? I want to see your body, too. 
I'll, uhh... politely refuse. 
Heheh, I figured you'd say that. Well, if I take off my clothes, you'll see just how horny I am. 
Huh...?
It's a bit tight, but you're inside of me, you know? Just thinking about having sex with you is making me really wet...
Besides, if we do this... I can tell even without touching. My breasts and nipples are super into this, too...
I imagined Hina's large boobs, hidden under her clothes... Those breasts, too large to cover with my fingers. Her cute, round nipples...
Those tips, perky with shame and expectation, awaiting me atop those mounds of soft, supple flesh...
Glp... I really want to see them...
Nope, you'll have to wait for later. 
However... If you make me feel good, then I might honor your request...
If you tell me to strip naked after you fuck me senseless and my head's a hot mess, I might not be able to say no...
Aaaah, Hina!
Ah, Ken-chan. Look at you go... That's not fair. Aaaah! That's too rough... Aaaah, aaah!
Hina dangled that delicious bait over my head and I fell for it hook, line, and sinker. I began pumping inside her depths wildly, indulging in my current prize in hopes of receiving another one later.
Nnn, aaah...! Nng...!
Each time I moved, Hina desperately tried to restrain a sweet moan that threatened to escape her throat.
I felt compelled to bully Hina after seeing those adorable tears in her eyes, but I settled on relentlessly plowing into her.
Aaaaah... You're so rough today, Ken-chan. And it... feels so good. The way you thrust up into my wet spot, it's...
Aaaah! Don't knead them like that! Aaah, it feels so good, my voice... I can't stop screaming...
Don't be shy. No one would come here...
...?!
...Haah?!
Was that the door opening? Who could it be...?
K-Ken-chan... 
It's okay, they won't come this far in. See, the only lockers being used right now are the ones on the other side. 
The room was divided into two aisles. Hina and I were in the back, near the lockers the teachers normally used when classes were officially in session.
...
...
We'd heard the door open, but the room quickly fell silent.{W:700} Had{W:0} someone walked in, or did they just open and close the door?
Maybe it was one of the dogs or cats?
It's also possible we forgot to close it behind us, and one of the larger dogs from the caf｣ slipped through the gap in the door.
I don't think so. We just heard it open, and we would've heard the doorknob. I don't think a dog could do that.
Right... 
I couldn't hear anyone coming closer, so maybe we should call it quits for now?
Just as I was about to step back and pull my cock out of Hina...
Huh?! Wait, Hina... Wh-Why are you moving your hips?!
Isn't it obvious? We're going to keep fucking.
We are?! Someone might be in here, though... Like Senpai, for example!
Koro-chan? She'd make an excellent reward. I'm sure she'd understand if she found out about our relationship.
Then, it might be Shinono... I bet she'd flip out if she saw us. 
If that happens, try convincing her. I'm not against threesomes, you know.  
U-Um... Well, what if it's one of the teachers?
If it's Ruirui... I think it'll be fine? I feel like she'd get it and might even ask to join in!
I'm not sure about that...?
Sensei will... probably get mad at us. 
Yeah. She'd probably go, "Illicit sexual intercourse on academy grounds is inexcusable! You're both expelled!"
And if that happens... You'll take responsibility and support me for the rest of our lives, right? 
I'm not so sure about that, either... 
Well, maybe we can force Sensei to join in... Okay?
That's a crime. It's certainly not "Okay."
But... I can't help myself anymore. You feel the same way, don't you, Ken-chan...?
You're not going flaccid at all. If anything, you're getting bigger... 
Well, that's... 
It was exciting to have sex in public, but if someone were to walk in...
Even though we knew this wasn't the time or place, our bodies reaffirmed how pleasurable this scenario actually was.
Besides, I can't keep giving Hina the upper hand here.
Ah, I hear it again... I think it's closer than last time. It might be right behind here... 
I doubt that. There's a partition between the two rows, and the sound doesn't travel that well, anyway... 
Really? 
Yeah, like this... 
Nng?! Aaah, Ken-chan... 
See? I rubbed up against you, and you could barely hear it...
You're so bold, Ken-chan... Aaah, even though you looked like you wanted to stop earlier.
Stop? Me? You're the one who was panicking. You're actually scared, aren't you? Do you want to stop?
That's not... Aaah, aaah... No, you'll make me moan... Nnn! 
That crying face you make when we have sex is so cute. Let me see more of it. 
Aaah, aaah... Oh, Ken-chan. Did you get in the mood?  Aaah, but, but...!
I maintained my onslaught on Hina with a boldness that surprised even me. 
Despite being the one who resumed our tryst, Hina seemed to be the one who had cold feet the moment I got assertive.
But we were both turned on by this unusual situation. We knew we couldn't reasonably continue this, but we had reached the point of no return.
We stifled our voices and continued our business in silence, all while trying not to rattle the nearby lockers.
In doing so, our point of connection kneaded and churned as we caved to carnal pleasure.
...Where is that coming from? 
Haa, haa... I wonder who it is...
Think they noticed us? 
Maybe they went to call everyone over...?
Everyone might find out we're doing this. 
What we're doing is pretty obvious...
Yeah, your vagina is in plain view, too...
So is where your hard cock goes inside me...!
Our imagination spiraled further out of control and a warm liquid trickled out from Hina's love canal. I wondered if it would flow down her thighs and trip down the floor...?
Hina eyed me, seeming entranced. She appeared delirious, like she was intoxicated with pleasure.
She wouldn't be able to hold back once she reached climax, so it looked like she was trying to suppress her orgasm.
Hina bit down on her fingers as the tremor of climax threatened to assail her. I stirred her pussy in an attempt to bully and ruin her earnest attempts.
Aaah, aaah... Aaaah! Ah, nn...!
I repeated my assault time and time again now that Hina was on the edge of orgasm. Her body began to spasm as she approached her limit.
That sound from earlier echoed throughout the room once again... and seemingly disappeared out the door.
Ah, nng... Nnn...!
Let's cum, Hina, before someone sees us. I'll do it, too, so let's cum together...
The relief we felt now that we were alone made us throw all caution to the wind.
Still trying to stifle our voices with all our might, we brought our bodies together silently... and were overwhelmed by passionate orgasm.
Nnng...!
Nnng, nnnn...!
We both tried to stifle our voices... 
Closing our mouths forcefully like one might while sneezing, we felt the explosion of passion rattle us from within. 
I felt something even bigger than that approaching... and Hina probably did, too. 
My manhood twitched and poured more semen than usual into Hina's body, which shivered repeatedly as it was submerged into the depths of ecstasy. 
Haa, haa... 
Aaaah, aaaaaah...!
Aaah... Haa, haa...! 
Haa, haa, haa!
We sighed heavily and basked in the feeling of release after withstanding it for so long.
And then, we simultaneously...
Aha, ahaha... 
Heheh, heheheheh... 
We remained connected, but couldn't restrain our laughter. The suspense and guilty complicity we felt for doing something forbidden had hung over us, but suddenly disappeared.
With those emotions jumbled up in our minds, we couldn't help but laugh.
Hmm, so that's what it was. 
On our way out of the room, we picked up the leash lying on the floor.
A leash was a cord that's attached to a dog's collar.
Hina proposed that we not only didn't close the door, but one of the dogs had snuck into the building and had gotten its lead caught in the door.
It got stuck and tried to get away, which then made the door rattle.
But he somehow got his collar off and hightailed it...
Hmm, that's possible. 
A dog or cat wouldn't be capable of turning a doorknob... So our assumption that it had been a human turned out to be incorrect.
Yeah, but it really turned me on. You were more passionate than usual, too. Did it make you extra horny?
I'll, uh... refrain from answering that. Ready to go back?
Heheh, that's right. But...
Hmm?
You can be really bold sometimes. At this rate, you might make all my dreams come true. 
Your dreams... What do you mean?
Well, that's... heheh, a secret, of course. If I tell you everything now, you might just run off on me. 
...
A dream that might make me want to run away from her...? Since it was Hina, it was probably something sex-related.
In which case, I felt a mixture of curiosity and dread...
We left the locker room behind us, but I couldn't help but have a sour look on my face...
I was very much looking forward to finding out more about Hina's dream...
