...
Nono had completely lost her nerve the moment we stepped on campus and looked around anxiously.
Her earlier bravado made me think she might've changed, but it appeared I was mistaken.
...
Nono.
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
It's me. Just relax.
O-Onii-chan...?
That's right. You need to calm down.
I-I'm calm! You just startled me, that's all!
Sorry about that. It was my bad, so you don't need to cling to me so hard. In fact, you might snap my spine if you hug me any tighter.
I-I'm not hugging you because I'm scared, you got that?!
Yes, yes, I got it.
Wh-What are you smiling for?!
I just thought you're really cute.
A-A-Are you making fun of me?!
I'd never make fun of you, Nono. I just honestly thought you're cute. 
M-Me being cute is a cosmic law!
C'mon, it's just us. You don't have to pretend.
I-I'm not pretending, I really am that cute!
That's not what I meant. You're really scared, huh?
I figured you would've grown out of that, but you still can't deal with scary stuff.
When you'd sleepover at my place, you were too scared to go to the bathroom alone and would wake me up.
I'm not a kid anymore and can go to the bathroom on my own! I'm not afraid of the dark!
You've been shaking like a leaf this whole time. Say what you want, but I can tell.
It's true, though! I really am fine, and I'm not lying!
The campus is just really scary and feels like a grave at night. It's super creepy!
It definitely feels like something might pop out at any time.
I don't believe in ghosts, but this is totally different. 
Don't worry. Nothing's going to come out.
This is a test of courage, right? Maybe Nekohana-san prepared something to scare us.
I-I'm not{W:700} that{W:0} scared, but I might be a bit startled if something happened to jump out...
Don't worry. Senpai said she didn't add in any jumpscares.
She could've been lying to get us to let our guard down!
No way. She couldn't set up something that elaborate on her own, and Senpai isn't the type to lie.
...You sure seem to trust her. 
I know Senpai well enough to know that she wouldn't do that, even in a situation like this.
Hmmm...
There's nothing to worry about. Besides, I'll protect you even if something did pop out. 
You'd do that?
I'd never live it down if something were to happen to you.
...Why not?
Huh? It's because you're precious to me. Isn't it obvious?
I'm precious... Do you really feel that way?
What's with these silly questions? Of course I do.
I'm precious to you... Huh... That's good... Heehee. 
I don't really get it, but I'm glad you're feeling better. 
Gyaaaaaaaaa?! 
It's fine, the wind just hit the winｩ Wait, where are you running off to?! Wait up!
We made it, somehow...
Hmph...
She seems fine now... What should I do after this, though?
Th-There's something written on the blackboard.
Let's see... It says to take a cookie from the jar on the desk and head back to the cafeteria from this route...
I think I got it... Okay, let's take the cookie and head back. 
Let's go! Quickly! Like, right now!
Ahaha... Sure, we can.
