We later returned to my dorm room, hand in hand...
Let's do it! We're lovers now, so we don't have to be ashamed of this! 
Come on, Ken-chan, hurry up and come here... Put it in... Let's feel good together, okay?
Heheh, come on, come over! Let's have sex. C'mon, do me... I can't help it anymore...
A-All right, give me a sec... Right, let's do it. I guess this is our first time having sex as a couple...
A very naked Hina clung to me and, before I realized it, stripped me of my clothes and left me as naked as the day I was born.
I was taken aback by how assertive she was being, but I couldn't back down now.
Aaaah... Ken-chan... You can't. If you hug me this hard, I'll... Aah, aaah...
Hina grew surprisingly timid when I was the one going on the offensive, as I embraced her tightly and pushed her down to the bed.
Aaah, nnn, haaa, amazing... It looks so lewd... Heheh, it looks like you're gonna go right in, Ken-chan... 
Uwah, haaa, it's rubbing against me... Nnn, it's making wet noises. It's like you're going to slip right in...
Ah, aah... This is, um, a thighjob... You're jerking off by rubbing your penis and my pussy together from the outside... Aaaah...
Uwah... God, where did you learn how to do this...? You probably looked dirty stuff up on online... Aaaah... 
I teased Hina for being as sexually curious as ever, but I had to acknowledge that rubbing against her already wet slit felt amazing. 
I propped up her warm, moist thighs and pressed my thickening cock against her exposed, swollen clit and the damp flesh clung to me viscously. 
Haaa, nnn, it feels good... I feel like I could cum just like this. You're rubbing my hot clit...
So many lewd juices come out, haa, aaah... and they just keep coming... 
Nnn, ah, haa, it feels good... Ken-chan, do you like it? I feel great, nnn... 
Ah, aaah, aaah, it's moist... You're getting wet, too, Ken-chan... Is this cum? Precum... Aaah... 
Haaa, kuh, I feel good, too... Feels like I could just slip right into you, but I want to enjoy this for a bit longer... Gah... 
As we swung our hips together, love juices flew about with a defined moist noise. 
Hina smiled vacantly and lifted her head lightly, as if desperately trying to look at our point of connection.
Nnn, ah, ah! It's all wet and slimy... If we keep this up, you'll go right in... Nnn, it's already sinking in...
Both Hina and I weren't going to hold out for much longer. 
Her speech was becoming intermittent, her eyes were watery, and her skin was flushed pink... 
Aaah, no. I... I can't hold it in much longer! Ken-chan, give it to me, hurry... Put it in...!
Can't wait, can you? Ugh... All right, I don't want to hold it in much longer, either... Let's go, Hina!
Aaaaaaaah! My pussy's so wet and strained it almost hurts, i-it won't stop shaking... Even my creases are twitching!  
It feels good! Aaaah! Put it it in, please put it in. It'll go in easy now, so let me feel good... Aaaah...!
She cried out in a demanding tone, her voice rising to a slightly higher pitch.
Kuh...! 
I had no reason to refuse or hurry, either. 
With Hina's voice, which already sounded like it was on the verge of orgasm, as my signal, I pushed my hips forward. 
Ah, aaah, you're coming... You're coming, haa, aaah, aaah... It's going in... Nnng...!
Squelch, squelch, squelch, squeeeeeelch!
Ah, aaaaah! Ken-chan, it's good, it feels good! You're going in so deep!
Ah, aaah, I've been waiting for this, waiting for this big thick cock to go inside me... Aaaaah...!
Aaah! It's really that moist in there! It's sticking to me and not letting go, kuh...!
The moment I pushed in, her wet pussy coiled around me, making it hard to thrust into her. 
Even so, I couldn't stay put. I continued to move in and out of her, listening to the sound of air escaping her love canal each time I did.
Ah, aaah, aaaah, those noises are so lewd! Those wet, dirty noises are, aaah, coming from deep inside me...
Aaaah, haa, aaaah! I-It feels too good, I'm going crazy... Ken-chan, it feels good, Ken-chan...!
...Gah, aaah... 
Every word and breath out of her mouth caused her pussy to contract and shiver around me, forcing me to hold my breath in sharp intakes.
And yet, I withstood the sweet pleasure that threatened to overtake me and began thrusting my hips in wide, deep strokes.
Squelch, squelch, squelch, squelch...!
Give me more... Nnn! Thrust more. I'll move, too, so let's feel good together... Aaaah...
Right, this is between us as lovers... We feel good together, which makes us happy...
That's right, nnn, together... With the boy I love... We cherish and love each other... Aaaaah...!
Aaaah...! 
As the sound of frothing juices rang out, I felt the pit of my stomach heat up with excitement. 
Hina seemed to have felt the same way, as she sighed in a long, indulging manner, arched her back, and bit her lips. Her abdomen began shivering lustily.
It's so good... It feels great, nn, Ken-chan... Move... Move more... I-I'll move, too... Aaah...
Nn, uwah! Aaah! It's going back and forth, rubbing inside me so roughly, aaaah...
Haa, haa, aaah! So good, Ken-chan... I want you to put it right in... I want us to always stay connected... 
Guh! Don't pull out, don't leave me! Always stay close to me like this! Mmm, keep thrusting, aaaah...!
Haah! Aaah! It feels like I'm gonna cum without even moving! You keep squeezing down on me and rocking your hips... Aaah...
I'd only just inserted it, but she squeezed and writhed against me. Such powerful friction only pulled me in deeper, all while her juices threatened to spill out.
Before that could happen, I started thrusting wildly into her, like I was trying to gouge her supple, flexible flesh.
Squelch, squelch, squelch, squelch!
Ah, ah, aaah! Ken-chan, it's so heavy and hard! It's like you're cleaving inside me, aaaah!
I-I can't... I don't think I can take it anymore! Haaa, haaa, cumming... I'm cumming! No, I can't cum before you do...
I-I want us to cum together! I have to hold it in, so I can't cum yet... Ah, aaaah...!
My thrusts grew more ardent, prompting Hina to squeeze her eyes shut and grit her teeth.
Gah...!
It felt like things were going to spiral out of control if I didn't grit my teeth, too.
And so I mustered all the energy my body could gather, and applied pressure to the soft, supple flesh of her genitals. 
Aaaah...! Aaaah, it's going in so deep all of a sudden! You're so thick and strong, Ken-chan! It feels good... 
Hina appeared to have already reached climax once, as she began shaking uncontrollably and desperately tried to endure the pleasure that washed over her.
You can cum, Hina... I heard women can cum more than once in a short amount of time, so you go first, and then cum again with me...
Aaaah, haa, haaa, haaa, c-can I cum? Can I cum before you do, Ken-chan... Gah!
I told you it's fine! C'mon, cum, Hina! I think I'm almost there, too, so you can cum...!
I whispered in her ear and pumped my cock into her deep folds. Hina suddenly bit her lip, with wide, yet conflicted eyes.
Aaaaah, haaa! No, aah, I-I'm really cumming! I'll cum one more time after this, Ken-chan...
I think I'll be able to cum over and over, but I'll make sure to cum one more time when it's time for you to cum, too... Aaaah...!
I forced my way into Hina's contracting tunnel and reached the stiff opening of her womb.
And then, I screamed. 
Cum, Hina! I... I think I'm gonna cum, too! I can't help it! 
Aaaah! Aah, it feels so good! Let me cum. I... I'm cumming! You cum, too, so let it all out! Aaah...
Nnnn! C-Cumming! It's all right! Cum, haa, give me lots of, lots of your semen... Cumming...!
Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spuuuuuuuuuuurt!
Aaaaaah, haaaa! There's so much coming out! It's going... going into my belly...!
Aaah, your hot stuff is pumping inside me,  it's so thick! Aaaah! You're pouring in so much it feels like my belly's gonna swell up...
And I feel like my belly's gonna shrink! Gah, aaah, it's all coming! All my semen is coming out, gaaah...!
A surprising amount of cloudy semen spilled out of me with enough force to froth and bubble into Hina's inviting pussy.
Hina looked relieved to know I'd reached orgasm, as her insides burst into a set of spasms and resulted in another orgasm.
Ah, aah, haa, aah, aah... It feels so good... Ken-chan, did you like it? Haa, haah...
Haaah... Mmn... Haah, aah, haah... I'm so happy... Aaah, I feel so good. This is bliss, Ken-chan... Uwah, haah...
Hina... Haa, haaa, uwah, aaah... 
My ejaculation was still in full force when Hina brought her face close to mine. She appeared to be on the verge of tears.
Ken-chan... I love you... I'm so happy, haa, haa, ah, I'm glad it felt good for you, too... 
Ken-chan... Did it feel good? I really liked it, haah... Nnn, haa, ahaaa... 
Yeah, it felt amazing. My head's actually kind of spinning, ugh... I'm happy you felt good, too, haa, haa... 
We whispered sweet nothings and embraced each other's warm bodies.
If it were possible, I wished to stay this way forever... Just like this, holding Hina. For us to always, always be together...
