Aaaah, aaah...
Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
W-Wait, Hina! Y-You're being too loud...!
Oh, I'm sorry. I'll bite down on the sheets then... Om.
Yeah, sorry. We'd get in trouble if someone heard you...
Haa, mhm... Nnn!
Hina assertively threw herself at me to sedate her carnal desires.
She wasn't that tall, but her breasts were jumbo-sized!
Any reasoning I had left disappeared the moment she hugged and pressed her huge tits against me.
We engaged in a sluggish kiss, and I caressed her pussy through her panties.
Perhaps she was already expecting this outcome, as the fabric was already sopping wet and it clung to her moist slit. I continued running my fingers along her crevice.
I continued my attack until Hina begged me to stop, which was when I decided to glide my fingers inside.
Umph, doing you from behind would probably feel great, but then I won't be able to see your huge tits...
Bhut, you wer the one tat sad I shuudn't be laud... 
...Huh? Um, you only need to bite down on the sheets when you feel like you're going to be loud...
Muha, that's right... 
You said "huge tits," right? Guys really like breasts, don't they? I want you to focus on other parts of me, though...
Sorry, I didn't mean it like the only thing I like about you is your boobs.
So... how about my butt? Do you like my big butt?
Wh-What do you mean, "big butt"?
I heard a lot of guys are into butts. Oh, Ken-chan, are you only into me because of my butt?
Please don't say incriminating things about me.
Talking to Hina was fun, but she said some pretty weird stuff during sex. She could be a tad troublesome at times...
Nnn, aaah, nnn... Mmm! Nnng?!
Are you all right? Does it still hurt?
It was certainly possible for girls to hurt externally after their first time.
Hina's body was delicate, and likely wasn't used to accepting a man's penis just yet...
That's not it... It still stings, but it doesn't hurt. It's just my body's kind of... reacting on its own...
I've been moaning really loud since yesterday... Ah, this probably... it probably feels good... 
When my body feels you, aaah... It gets really hot... Aaah!
It feels good? So it's not that your body's not used to it, but more than your body actually wants it?
Well, your pussy{W:700} has{W:0} been twitching and squeezing for a while now...
Th-That's... My body's reacting on its own. Nnn, when your dick moves, my pussy just... Nnng!
Every time it does, it's like electricity runs down my spine. It's completely different from when I masturbate. 
H-How do I put it...? It's not like when I touch myself, and feel that I'm touching myself down there. Every time you thrust, my back just twitches...  
When you do it from behind, I can feel it all the way in... It feels good, and it's really deep...
Like this? 
I bucked my hips to further stimulate Hina's secret spot for confirmation.
Aaah, aaaah...! That's right, like that... Aaah, hiyaa! Aaaaah!
Hina bit down hard on the sheets to help prevent a loud moan from escaping.
Nnng, mmm! Nnn...!
The sensation of her pussy gradually changed and it writhed with pleasure in response.
It felt stressed, or fearful for what was to come, and clamped tightly around me.
It felt like I was forcing my way in the first time we had sex. Almost like I was forcefully moving my cock through a cramped passage.
This time, however, Hina's insides contracted and warped around me with an intense heat. She was accepting my cock. That's how I saw it, anyway.
I'm loving this, Hina. It feels so good inside you...
Ah, I hear you loud and clear, Ken-chan. Do you love it that much?
Yes, I can't stop moaning...
I won't have anything to bite into to keep quiet, though... Oh, I could take a bite out of this juicy butt of yours?
Hehe. Sounds like you're a butt guy now. I don't mind if you bite me.
It'd make me happy if you left a love bite there. Mark me, Ken-chan...
Hina...
...
I'm sorry for being such a horny girl, Ken-chan... And for being so clingy, too. I just love you so much.
Sex is still really new to me, but it feels incredible and I can't help but be loud... I'm sorry, Ken-chan.
I know I can be a bit of an airhead, but I like... and love you so very much... I'm not joking, either. I really mean it.
I know. I'd like to think I know you well enough to see that much.
No need to apologize. You're fine the way you are, Hina.
Ken-chan... Huh? Nnng, aaah...!
Ken-chan, that's too rough... Aaaaaah! I can't keep my voice down...!
Just scream if it hurts. I'd rather someone heard us than you be in pain.
Ken-chan...?
It feels really good inside you, Hina. Not only are your boobs soft, but your butt is, too!
Nnn, aaaah... If you grab me that hard... Ahn, aaah... Nnn!
I dug my fingers into her ass and used it as leverage to pump in and out of her.
The bedsprings creaked in protest when each wild thrust intensified.
Hina, who was being held firmly from behind, turned in an attempt to respond to my movements.
Her enormous jugs squished against the sheets and changed shape every time my cock slammed into her.
Aaah, aaah... Hih, hiyaaa! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Hina released what wasn't quite a scream, but an intermittent sequence of hot moans. She cried out over and over, clinging to the sheets in desperation.
She had previously bit into and gripped the sheet to suppress her voice, but now those same fingers were clinging to the fabric to endure the waves of pleasure that coursed through her.
Nnng, aaah... It's moving inside my belly. Aaah... It's rubbing inside... Haah! Your huge penis is... in there... 
It's scraping and pulling my insides...! Aaah?! It's all the way in...! Aaah!
It's amazing... so amazing. You're going wild and messing up my insides! Ah, aaah... Incredible! So incredible!
Hina's pussy was far more amazing. The way it coiled around me was extraordinary... It really was an indescribable feeling.
Very good... I'm so happy! My body is accepting all of you... The guy I love most. You feel this good because of it, too... This is so wonderful.
Hina, Hina...!
Ken-chan! Aaah, Ken-chan... Nnng! Ah...!
Hina's panting gradually grew more desperate, and appeared to be close to orgasm.
I took hold of Hina's body and tried to widen her sopping wet love canal. Then, I pushed my hips forward and penetrated her depths.
Aaah, I can't, I can't anymore... Aaah, haaah! Noo... It's coming, coming, something is coming!
Cumming? Are you cumming? L-Let's cum together, Hina... 
Aaah! Yes, yes. Together, cum together... Please cum! Ah, I can't, I can't anymore... Aaaah!
Hina, Hinaaa! Ah, I'm cumming, I'm gonna cum inside!
Aaah, aaaaah... You're cumming inside, Ken-chan?! Aaaah?! Haaaaa...!
C-Cum, cumming! Ah, I'm cumming, Hina...!
My dick felt like it expanded to the point of bursting, all while feeling a sense of relief from ejaculating.
The sensation of spewing my hot cum into Hina's pussy washed over me.
Aah, aaaah... It's coming, coming out! Your stuff is coming out... Aaaah, hyaaa?! Aaaaaah!
...Haa, haa. Hina. Ah... ah... 
Haa, haa... It's hot in my belly... it's so hot...
...Hina?
Haa, haa... Aah, you came so much inside me... 
I'm sorry, I should've said something first...
Nuh-uh. You don't need to apologize. It's like a prize for me.
I mean, the boy I love filled up my belly with cum. My heart is filled, too.
I'll be able to sleep well tonight, and will probably dream of you until morning comes.
Hina...
I hugged Hina from behind and peppered kisses along her neck and ears.
Hina surrendered her body and purred sweetly in response.
We remained locked in a tight, blissful embrace for some time.
Not only was Hina reluctant to go back to the girls' room, but I didn't want to let her go, either.
The two of us clung to the time we had left, wishing it would never end.
