Squelch, squelch, squeeeelch...
Nnn, haa, Ken-chan... It feels good... It's going in so strong... Ah!
Aaah, I was wet this whole time, so it's going in like it's nothing... Hehe... Aahn, mmm...
Gah, ugh...! No kidding... People don't call you a carnivore for nothing... You're more of a glutton than anything else, though...
I let myself get carried away and we ended up doing it in the kitchen_the same place where we usually worked.
Hina bent over and placed her hands over the work table. I crept up, hugged her, and took her from behind in a standing position.
Aaaah... If anyone sees this, it's going to be so embarrassing... Uaah, you can see my breasts...
Aaahn, nnn! Ah, haah... You only just put it in, but my boobs are getting so hot...! My nipples are, too... It almost hurts, haah...
Aaaah! Ah, aaaah! You're going at it so hard... Amazing! It feels so good! Ah, haah, aaaaah...!
I sank deeper into her and a sudden coquettish, high-pitched moan echoed throughout the kitchen.
I don't know if it was me or Hina who did it in the heat of the moment, but her uniform came undone and exposed her plump breasts. 
Ugh, I'll cum in no time if you keep squeezing down on me like that... Haaa, haa, haa, that feels good, Hina... 
Aaah! Oooh, you're really good too, Ken-chan! Is this morning wood? We only did it last night but you're already... Incredible...
Haaa! Ugh, I'm barely moving, but it feels like I'm gonna cum... Just having you inside me feels great, nnn...
Kuh, haaa...!
Between her pleasantly tight pussy and the walls of flesh that squeezed down on me powerfully, I was left with a tingling sensation that ran through my dick and up my spine.
Unable to bear it much longer, a high-pitched cry escaped my lips as I pumped into her.
Aaaaah, haaa! It feels good! Harder, deeper, churn me up, go all the way in...!
Ken-chaaaaaaan! Your horny cock is fucking my lewd hole! 
It's going all the way in... But I want you to go deeper... Deeper... Go harder...!
Huh? 
Wha...?
We could hear the door opening gently. 
Not again! Who could be here this early?!
Haah...
A-Aaah...!
A burglar wouldn't come here at this hour, but Hina and I exchanged a quick glance with bated breath.
Nnn... Who is it... Haa, haa, I think someone's coming...
I can't believe someone's actually here... Everyone should still be asleep... I... I only woke up early because I was hungry... Ah, nnn... 
Aaah, haa... S-Stop that, Hina, don't move... Stop swinging your hips, aaaah...!
I froze in place, held my breath, and strained my ears to listen.
Despite doing so, Hina shivered against me and her hips gave a mighty jolt, which caused my cock to shake and quiver inside her honeypot.
We eventually heard voices coming from the opposite wall that separated the store from the kitchen.
I-It's the truth... There's a ghost in the dining hall! It was really there, in the middle of the night, when it's dark!
Oh, c'mon~! It was probably just a dream. Ghosts don't exist.
It's Hana and Makoto... 
Aaaaaah... Hana-chan and Mako-chan...
I-I was wide awake! Besides, what makes you so sure ghosts don't exist?! 
You were awake? Your eyes were playing tricks on you, then. You mistook something for a monster in the dark...
I mean, it's a caf｣ in the middle of town. It's not a graveyard, a castle, nor an old battle or execution ground. Why would something that weird be here?
Th-That's what I assumed, too... I believed it to be a curtain fluttering in the wind...
I mustered enough courage to check it out. When I did, I saw a bunch of eyes glittering at me in the dark! Aaaaaah...!
Ah, aaaaaah...! 
C-Cut it out, stop whimpering... Ugh, stop squeezing me like that, too...!
Perhaps influenced by Hana's excited voice, Hina arched her back and moaned.
Thanks to that, I moaned as well. I was also filled with the anxiety that if we move, we might bump into something and make noise. 
Whoa, you startled me... Stop making those weird noises. They are scaring me more than your story.
So, where did that ghost of yours go? I can't see it anywhere. Was it over here? 
O-Oh my, there's nothing there now... It was there! It's gone now, but it really was there last time...!
Right, m-maybe it'll come out later! Or maybe it shows up depending on the day of the week... 
Yes, yes, I understand. If you're that worried about it, just come back here some other day.
I won't be joining you next time, so you'll need to rope those lazy bums, like Kenta, Korone-san, or Hinana-san, into coming here every day.
Who is she calling a lazy bum?!
Aaah... She said my name, too... That's mean, uwah... I guess I do have a lot of free time, haa, haa... 
Ugh, I suppose... I wonder if the chairwoman, Inukai-san, Inuyama-san, or Sensei could come, too... I definitely saw a ghost!
Aaah, it's coming! It's definitely coming! Y-Your sperm, aah, it's coming...!
B-Be quiet, aaaah...! Haaa, it's no use, you keep saying that and now I'm starting to feel like... Hah, aaah...!
Hearing them talking from the other side of the wall left me with a rather strange feeling.
Let's head back, then. I don't think the ghost's going to come out any time soon.
Maybe the ghost only shows up at certain days or certain hours. Maybe being a ghost is just its part-time job, ahaha...
D-Don't make fun of me... B-But, yes, you're right... And I would hate it if we actually do wait long enough for a ghost to come out, so let's go back... 
Yes, go. Leave, quickly... Just go away...
Aaaah, give it to me! Quickly, just cum! I want to cum! It feels good, so just cum already...!
Be quiet! 
Squelch, squelch, squeeeeelch! 
Haaaaaaa!
Aaaaah...! 
After having my cock buried inside her the whole time, Hina cried out and began writhing, unable to withstand it for much longer.
The wet, springy sounds of our union slid and rubbed against each other, grounding my own sense of reason to dust.
Aaaah, haa! I can't stop moving my hips! You keep rubbing inside me, I can't keep this up much longer... Aaah!
Kuh, I'm almost there, almost cumming... But they have to leave before I do... Aaaah...!
Aaah, aaah, aaah, cumming... Haaa...! Cumming, c-cumming, cum, aah, aaaaaaaaah!
Haaa, haaa! Stop that, just calm down... Don't move, ughhh...!
I thought I heard the sound of the door closing, and the two of them finally leaving.
Aaah... Hana-chan and Mako-chan left... They're... gone... Nnn! Cumming, cumming, aaaah!
Aaaaah! Aaah, aaah! Stop, no more, aaaah! It's good, it's so goooood!
I can't help it anymore! I held it in for so long, but I can't, I'm cumming, cuuuuuming...! 
W-Wait, hold out a little bit longer. They still might be nearby... If they hear us, they'll come back... Aaaah!
I roughly plowed my cock into her, clenched my teeth, and moaned as I attempted to retain what little reason I had left.
If the door only just closed, they'd still be within earshot. If we were to scream, they'd naturally hear us.
We had to wait it out a little longer until they were a safe distance away. It was still too soon to start moving again...
I can't, I'm gonna cum! I wanna cum and feel good! I can't hold it in any longer! The coast is clear, so let's just...
Aaaah...! It's all right now! Aah, nnn, we can moan as much as we want... I mean, it feels so good... 
Haa, ah, haa, aaah! Aaah, it's so good, I don't even care if Mako-chan and Hana-chan hear this...
I want everyone to hear this! To hear my horny voice, to see your cock going inside me...
Aah, aah! Aaaah! I was so nervous, but now... It only made it feel stronger... Aaaaah...!
I swear to God, you're so... Haa, haa, don't scare me like that... Kuh, aaaah...
We began moaning at full force now that both Makoto and Hana were out of the picture. I felt all that stress being lifted off my shoulders.
She didn't look all that nervous while they were here, but Hina was pretty spooked by them in her own way.
Gah, uwah, haa... R-Right, I think it's fine now... Come on, let's cum, Hina. I'll cum with you, too... Uuuu...!
I felt like we should finish this quickly. If we stayed tangled like this any longer, someone else might show up. 
Ah, aaah, your dick, it's... It's getting bigger... Are you going to cum? 
Then cum, cum for me! Give it your all and fill me up, Ken-chan. Use my body to feel good...!
I thrust into her wet depths and stirred them up wildly from above.
I'm cumming, Hina... Cumming...!
Aaaah! It's going so hard, all the way in! It's poking me inside my belly, so much...
Nnn! Cum! Fill my belly, my womb, with your sperm... M-Make me cum...!
Spurt, spurt, spurt! Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spuuuurt! 
Aaaah, aaaaah! So much, so much is going inside me, it's amazing! Aaaah! Your semen feels good!
It feels better because we had to hold it in earlier... I-I'm more sensitive than usual... The impact is just... Aaaah...!
Aaah, aaah, me too! Because of them, my heart's beating so fast... Gah, it won't stop twitching, aaah...! 
I felt dizzy for a moment and my head jolted back. Suddenly, a stream of hot cum shot out of me with full force.
For however short a time it was, I had to channel all of my energy into my lower half to hold back my orgasm, which only made it that much stronger upon release.
Aaah, aaah! It feels good, I'm cumming over and over! Cumming... even my asshole's twitching. Amazing...
Haah, aaah! Aaaah! More, more... Nngh! Fill up my hot, wet body... Nngh...!
Uwah, aaah, aaaah...!
Hina was over the edge, too. She was screaming louder than usual and in a rapid tone.
Our voices echoed and overlapped, rebounding time and again off the walls of the small kitchen.
Haa, ugh, haa, haa, aaah, so good... it feels great... Ken-chan... Haah, so good... 
Don't pull out, always stay inside me... You can't pull out, even after you finish cumming... 
Ah, aaah, always... Let's always be together... I feel so safe when we're connected, aaah, aaah... 
Haah... Then let's stay like this for a little bit longer, haa, haa... 
Even though I'd reached orgasm, it looked like Hina wasn't ready to let go just yet.
But even so, indulging in this transient rest with her beneath me didn't feel like that bad of an idea at all.
