Wait up, Kenta! I understand what you're trying to do, but isn't this too fast?
Don't think, just do... That's more my style, right? I do what feels right in the moment.
Aaahn, but... Ah, you're taking my clothes off already. Ah, noo, what if someone see us...? Ah!
I embraced and began stripping Makoto of her clothes the second we entered the room. Of course, taking it all off while standing upright wasn't possible, so I went about it in rather clever way.
We can't. There are people out in the hall, and the door isn't locked. We can't do it here...
It's summer vacation, and they are only here for supplementary classes. Besides, we can't go back to the dorms, right?
Nee-san wasn't around to keep an eye on us now that summer classes was in session, so we had the day off. Unless they decided to go out, our friends should be at the dorms.
Nnng, aaah... Your penis is pushing up against my...
Can I put it in? I want to be inside you, Makoto.
You're not being very gentle, and you're not getting me in the mood, either. You're way too pushy, and I can't believe you want to have sex{W:700} here{W:0} of all places...
Do you want to stop?
...No, let's do it. I like you it when you're aggressive like this...
Aaaah! It's in... going in! Nnng, aaah...! 
I took her reply as consent and sunk my hot, seething cock into Makoto's depths.
Nn, nnn... Aaah, nng...!
I gripped her soft ass and rocked my hips. She leaned forward and her supple breasts squashed against the pane of glass.
It's cold... Nn! Aaah...
Each thrust of my hips made Makoto's breasts jiggle and change shape against the glass.
She let out a lustful moan when her engorged nipples rubbed against the gold glass, sending small shivers down her arched form.
My boobs... are so cold. It's so hot down there, though...
Does it feel good?
Mhm. Really good. It's kind of exciting, too... We're doing it in a classroom, and we have a perfect view of the hallway...
I'm sure someone could walk by and see us at any moment...
Aaah... Yeah, I guess so.
Makoto's lips curled into a smile. More than any sense of shame or morality, this situation turned her on.  
Makoto's insides clamped tightly around me in response, and a stream of love juices trickled down her thighs and onto the floor.
Nnng, nn... I feel good, too. I think I'm more sensitive than usual. Aaaah... Ahn, aaah... I have such a dirty look on my face...
Aaah, aaah! Nn, Nnng... Ah! Aaah...!
She jiggled her hips and moaned with each thrust of my hips. We were fully immersed in the ecstasy of our lovemaking.
Makoto, aah... It feels so good inside you.
Huh?
My face must look so lewd right now...
Makoto gazed at her reflection in the glass and grinned. Unlike her usual smile, it was much more feminine and seductive...
You're horny, Makoto. 
Y-Yeah, I am. I'm so lewd right now... I'm becoming such a horny girl... Ah. But I...
I'm the same. I'm really turned on right now. That's why I want to do you more...
Aaaah! Aaaah, you're so rough inside... aaah, haah!
I pushed my cock into Makoto's deepest reaches and pumped wildly into her time and time again.
Aaaah, Haah! Aaah... My belly... Aaah, my womb. It's reaching... the entrance to my womb...!
I can feel it in my body. I can feel you... I can feel your dick!
Aaaah! Aaaah, nnn... It's like you're pushing inside my belly, aaah, my boobs are moving too... Aaaah!
Aaaah, aaah... I'm getting more and more turned on! My head and pussy are so lewd... Aaaah!
She arched her back and, unable to restrain herself any longer, released a sensual moan. It was as if the last vestiges of her reasoning abandoned her and had mixed with the air in her lungs.
Tears glistened in her glassy eyes and saliva dripped from her lips.
Makoto bucked her hips to match my thrusts and a demented expression crossed her face. She was no longer the wise girl I had known her to be, but an animal basking in its carnal desires.
And the same held true for me...
Haaa, haa... More, move more. Moan even louder, so loud someone finds us...
Aaaah, is that okay? Is that really okay? They'll see us doing it.
You don't want that, Makoto?
I... I think I want someone to see us. I want people to see me having sex with you, and saying all these lewd things...
I want everyone to know I'm standing naked in a classroom and thrusting my hips like this...
Because I... I love you so much. Even if other people see us, I'm fine with that.
Makoto...
Come to me, Kenta. Make me into a hornier... lewder girl...
Yeah. All right. Let's make you lewder... Let's go.
I thrust my cock relentlessly inside her and unleashed the pent up feelings inside me.
Each thrust was a desperate attempt to reach newer and deeper depths. Dissatisfied with simply moving back and forth, I pistoned my cock within her body in a horny rampage.
Aaaah, nng! Aaaah, aaah... Amazing. I can't believe you can go even rougher... Aaaah, noo. Don't do it like that there...
Aaaah, you're kneading me inside... inside there. Aaah, your cock, inside me... Aaaah, making me a sloppy mess....!
It's hot... so hot inside you, Makoto. No matter how I move, you get even tighter... Aaah, you're amazing.
Nnn, aaaaaah... Me too, I can feel it, too! Aaah, haah! Ah, I can't believe how much I feel it... Aaaaah!
I can't, I'm cumming. I'm gonna cum. My mind is completely blank and my body feels like it's floating... Aaaah, I'm, cummiiiiiiing! 
Makoto, Makoto... 
Haah, haaah! Aaah, aaaaaaaah... Cumming, cumming, it feels so good, something amazing is cumming... Cumming, cumming, cuuuuuuming!
Kenta, cum, cum too... Fill me up, fill my insides with your hot stuff! Aaaah, cumming, cumming, I'm gonna cum...
Yeah, don't you worry. I'll fill your belly up. 
Cum! I'm, I'm already... Aaaah, noo, cumming...
Aaaaah, cuuuuuuuumming...!
Makoto's intense climax caused her pussy to clamp down harshly around me. Her body shivered and her insides contracted.
Gripped by that pleasant pressure, I unleashed all that I had. 
Makoto!
I pushed my hips forward, deeper and deeper... into Makoto's furthest reaches.
Makoto's breasts and her adorable, rock-hard nipples were still pressed against the glass.
Nnng...!
I felt myself burst inside Makoto and could imagine my semen gushing inside her womb.
With that image in mind, her body shivered and once again ascended into orgasm.
Ah, aaaaah...!
It's coming, coming out... Aaah, I'm getting filled up down there... Aaaaah!
Haa, haa... I can't stop shaking. I'm cumming again... I'm climaxing... Something hot and pleasant is spreading inside my body... 
I'm getting addicted to this. Cumming inside of me over and over again is making me cum, too...
Makoto... 
I enveloped her in my arms and brought my lips to hers.
We basked in the afterglow of our tryst and exchanged a long, long kiss...
