Hehe, let's remember to be gentle. I'm really looking forward to this.
Y-Yeah, gentle... Please have some mercy on me...
Hina leaned on me in a cheerful, yet curious manner, and her eyes sparkled like a kid who was eager to try out a brand-new sport.
Maybe I'll start with my mouth? Y'know, foreplay? It's called a blowjob. You're going to like this, Ken-chan. Muah...
Uwah... Th-This is going really fast, haah...
I'm really enjoying this, you know? Muha, nn, haa, aaah. You're getting bigger, Ken-chan...
I hope my blowjob makes you feel real good, okay? Muha, nn, mmmha... 
The way she went straight for the kill was greedy, indeed. 
She unzipped my pants, almost like she were peeling the skin off a fruit, grabbed my cock, and lapped at the head with her tongue.
Haa, it's twitching. I wonder how much bigger I can make it. Muha, haa, aaah, it's so dark and thick...
It's so hard and the veins are sticking out... This is what a boy has... Hehe, it's a little scary, but it sure is tasty. Mmm...
Aah, aaaah, it's so big I can't lick it all... Nnnnuha, so this is an erection... Aaah, mmm, haah...
Haa, kuh... It's like you're trying to gobble me up... Haah, haah... It feels so good, Hina...
That's good, muha. Do you like this? Nnn, bitter juices came out... It's hot... Aaah... 
Mmm, muha, it's got a sharp, fishy smell... Is this what you... what boys taste like? Muha...
True to her "God Empress of Gluttony" nickname, Hina was{W:700} very{W:0} interested in how things tasted.
My erect cock seemed to get her attention, as had the flavor and texture. Hina then sucked it into her mouth and lapped at it in a rather entranced, yet diligent fashion.
Muha, nnnn, mmm, haa, it's bitter, but it's hot and kind of... addicting... Nnn, mha, mmm....
Aaah, mmm, my body's starting to feel hot... It's like I'm floating, and it's kind of throbbing and wet... Mha... 
Haaa... I feel the same, my head's spinning... Like you're gonna swallow me whole, ahaha... 
It felt less like she was giving me a blowjob, and more like she was sucking and feasting on a tasty treat.
Her passionate sucking, thorough tongue work, and the wet slurping noises that slipped past her lips all left me in an aroused stupor.
Haaa, aaah, I'm getting really hot, too... It itches down there, in my clitoris... 
It's the same as a boy's penis, in that it feels good... Muha, nnnng, aaah... 
Haaah! You just put the whole thing in your mouth...! Aaah! God, it feels so good, haaah...!
Visibly overwhelmed by the feverish and intoxicating excitement that assailed her, Hina's fingers crept into her panties and she began masturbating while giving me head.
Now on her knees, Hina wiggled her butt and continued sucking on my cock. She simultaneously unhooked her bra from the front and exposed her sizable mounds to the world.
Haa, nn, can you see my boobs? You can, right? Nnnn, muha. Just exposing them like this is making my nipples hard...
Haa, nnng, nnn, muha, your penis is really hard, too... It's so stiff and strong. Munnhua, I can't fit it in my mouth... 
Haaa, haaaa, nn! I'm starting to feel good too... I feel kind of weird... Haaa...!
Kuh...! That feels good, Hina...!
I lost all sense of control as I watched her voluptuous breasts jiggle and sway as she sucked greedily on my rock-hard cock.
Aaaah! I'm going to go crazy from you touching my boobs... If you don't stop, it'll keep twitching down there...
Haaa! I can't do it with my mouth anymore! Haaa! It feels good inside my belly, haaa...!
Th-This is my way of thanking you for doing this... I want you to feel good, too, aaah... 
Her breasts really were quite large, but still had that blatant elasticity and suppleness to them. I proceed to fondle what I could fit into my hand and pinched her nipples.
I kneaded and tugged, occasionally rubbing the pads of my thumbs of her erect teat. Hina had, apparently, reached her own limit and bucked her hips against her hand.
Mmmmm, muha, nnnmmm! Aaaah, uuu! Ken-chan, please cum! 
I'll cum, too! Uwah, muha, aaah, nooo! I'm... I'm cumming, nnn...!
Aaaaah! Damn, you're really sucking that thing in. Shit, cumming, I'm cumming, I'll let it all out... in your mouth...!
With the length of my cock stuffed firmly in her mouth, she ran her tongue mercilessly over me and drove my crotch to the brink of explosion.
Obscene noises escaped Hina's mouth as she feverently attacked my frenulum and glans with her tongue, almost like she were trying to swallow me whole.
Mmmmuha, cum for me... G-Guys ejauwate when they feel gwoob, right...? Haaa, uuuuu!
If you feel gwoob, I'll cum, too... Nnnnah, mmm, it's so big, aaah... 
Mmmmmmmha! Nnnnn, aaah, aaaah! Mowr, I want mowr, mmmha, cum for me, Ken-chaaaaan...!
Spurt, spurt, spurt, spuuuuurt!
Aaaaah, aaah! Your semen is so hot, moist, and warm...! It's thick and tasty, too...!
Aaaah! It's bitter, though... Smelly, too. Haah... What a lewd taste, muah, mm... guh!
Uwah, aaaaahh! Cumming! I can't stop it, Hina! That feels good...! Your blowjob's amazing! I'm cumming... aaaaah...!
Hina sank my cock into her mouth and, just when I thought she would lap at it with her tongue, an unrelenting geyser of cum spewed out of my dick.
Ah, mmm, muha! Nnn, koff, koff! I'm choking...! Ah, aaah, so much... 
It's sticking to my throat! Aaaah, mmm! Muha, mph... You really are amazing, Ken-chan... haaa, haaa...
Hina eyed me curiously, all while excitedly guzzling down every last drop of cum.
With trembling shoulders, she smiled and whispered...
N-Next up, I'll let you come inside me... I... I'm excited, but kind of scared, too... Hehe...
Ken-chan... Stay still... Haah...! And go inside me... Uuu, aaaah...!
Huh? H-Hey, Hina... Aaah, whoa...!
Hehe... Now for the main event. Our first round was foreplay, and now we're moving onto real sex.
Y-Yeah, I know that's a thing, but... Usually, cumming every round is kind of a lot, hahaha...
I laughed to hide my embarrassment as she pushed me back, slipped off her panties, and mounted my hips.
My eyes instantly fell on her large breasts and her exposed pink slit.
I'm so excited... I hope I can do this well... You can go inside me just fine like this, right?
Yeah, that's right... Well, it shouldn't be a problem when you're this wet...
Her already hot and moist pussy clung to my lower half like an adhesive.
I want you to feel the deepest parts of my body, Ken-chan... So I'll put it in.
Um, I'm not sure if I'm doing this right, so help me. I'll do my best, so... Aaah, ah, ah...!
Geh, uwah...
Hina's soft pussy eventually gave way and gently slid across my swollen glans without much resistance.
Squelch, squeeelch!
Nnn, aaaah! I-It hurts, but it's hot and sliding all the way in! I'm so happy!
I'll do my best... Nnn, go deeper, Ken-chan! Take my virginity...!
H-Huh?! Th-This is your first time? Ugh, you're so tight, aaaah...!
I thought her pussy had swallowed me whole given how her supple flesh persistently clung to me.
Since this was her first time, blood trickled down from Hina's vagina. Her folds, now dyed red, shivered around me.
I-It's my first time. I've liked a lot of girls, but you're the first guy I was ever interested in, Ken-chan...
I've made out with a few girls before, but have zero experience with guys... This was my first time...
Haah, haa... That's why I'm happy... I get to have sex... and make love with the guy I love most. I'm so happy...
I'm h-happy I gave you my first time... Aaah! Use my body to feel good, Ken-chan...!
Hina...! 
Aaaah...!
Overwhelmed with adoration, I attempted to sit upright and pull her into a tight embrace, but she gave me a painful wince in return.
Happiness seemed to win out as tears welled up in her eyes, her mouth fell open, and she twisted her body in an attempt to seek me out.
Squelch, squelch, squelch...
Haaaa, haa, you're so hot inside me... I can feel how warm you are...
I'm so happy I can feel you inside me! Come to me, more... Deeper inside... Aaaah!
Kuh, haah... I'm really far in. Doesn't it hurt? Can I move...?
I moaned, unable to withstand the unyielding pressure around my cock.
Even if I were to stay still, she'd eventually squeeze me dry. I couldn't hold out much longer...
Please move! I'll do my best to move, too...! I'll rub your cock while I'm squeezing down on it, and make you feel real good...!
So cum, please cum! Cum inside me, cum lots like before, give it to meeee...!
Aaaaaah...! Cumming, I'm cumming...!
With Hina's obscene command as my cue, I thrust my hips upward with enough force to rival a jackhammer.
Aaaah, nnn! It's getting so wet, it sounds so moist, aaaaah! It's like you're skewering me, aaaaah!
Aaaah, haa, haaa, it feels good... It hurts, but my body feels so hot and numb, like it's melting...!
You feel good, too, Hina! Let's cum together, aaaaah...!
My mind went blank with each sopping wet noise that spewed out from our union.
Her moist flesh clung to me, almost painfully so, as she wrung me dry. I was afraid my dick would pop out and unleash a flood of lewd juices.
Aaah, aaaah! It feels so good! My juices are only getting hotter... They're coming out and easing the pain...
You're making me feel good, too, Ken-chan... S-Sex is great... It feels so... good... Aaaaah...!
Kuh...! I can't help it anymore, I'm cumming...!
Hina's honeypot, which was a cocktail of love juices at this point, twitched violently against me and coaxed my dick further into her depths.
The pressure around my cock was intense, so much so that I was afraid a single breath would result in me unleashing my load.
Aaaaah, nooo, I can hear wet, lewd noises... It feels like I'm gonna collapse, ah, aaaaaah!
...So much is overflowing... My juices... they're so hot and slimy... I can't hold back, aaaah...
Don't hold back either, Ken-chan! Do what you want... Cum and feel good, aah, aaaah...!
Aaaaaah...!
I put everything I had into each thrust all while love juices bubbled out of her pussy like froth.
I channeled my remaining strength into my pelvis and rocked my hips wildly against her. 
Aaaah, aaaaaaah! You're getting bigger inside me, Ken-chan! Your big, thick penis is jamming inside me... Aaaah!
Cumming! It feels so good, my body feels like it's gonna pop! And your dick feels like it's gonna explode inside me, too... Cum...
Give me your cum! Spill it all inside me as hard as you can, aaah, aaaaah...!
Spurt, spurt, spurt, spuuuuurt, spuuurt, spurt!
Aaaah, aaaah! It's so hot! Amazing! It's washing me away, aaaah! All this wet stuff is going inside me...
I'm glad I made you feel good, Ken-chan... Aaaah! I-I think I'm cumming too. So this is what cumming with a guy feels like...
Ah, aaaah...!
Uuuugh, it's still coming out. It won't stop, Hina... You feeling good makes it feel even better for me...! Aaaah...!
Our voices mingled together and our bodies twitched uncontrollably. It felt like our orgasms would never end.
We weren't exactly quiet, so someone probably heard us from out in the hall, but we remained connected for quite some time.
Aaah, it's still moving inside me... Twitching and cumming, too... Mnh, let it all out...
I want all of you inside me... Give me everything, Ken-chan. Put all your baby batter inside me, aaaah, aaaaaah...!
