サラ
炎厨矢
"Oh, hello there, Takumi-kun. ♪"
"Listen, good news! I've got a great little thing that might be coming into stock."
Sarah-san leans over the counter displaying her huge cleavage as shamelessly as ever, pressing her boobs to the lucky, lucky table.
"You have my attention."
She leaps into a pitch so eager that you'd think she knew exactly what explaining suspicious items to a pervert like me is going to do.
"Keep this a secret from everyone else, okay? So, I might be able to get my hands on a little of that 'Titcoin' that's so popular these days."
That, ummm, thing? I had no idea!
"They say if you give a girl one, she'll instantly fall head-over-heels for you! Well, more face-down-ass-up for you... It's like a love potion!"
Err, that's probably not quite "love"...
"Is it really okay to go selling that kind of debauched thing to a student!?"
"...A-Also, I'd like to place an order, please."
"Hehe, I knew you would, you're my favorite customer! ♪"
Gah, being a pervert really puts a strain on the purse strings in this world...
"Hehe... I don't mind a boy who's honest with his desires."
"Oh yeah, I'm ready to take the measurements for your uniform, so come into the back room. ♪"
Her proposal made me completely forget the actual main reason that I'm here, to get my uniform adjusted.
Her store room is almost like a magical convenience store, with everything an adventurer might need from greatswords to enchanted shields.
Sarah-san disappears off into another room to get ready. I presume she didn't want to measure me in that tight mini-dress she's always wearing.
(Mmm, she's got amazing tits too... Every time I see them, it makes my cock smile. I'm amazed they let her walk around school dressed like that.)
I really am the luckiest man alive to end up at a place like this. It's certainly more motivating than being at some all-boys academy!
"Huh?"
While I'm lost in a little reverie, I feel the sudden sensation of my Ero-Magic activating.
In front of me floats a golden glowing coin veritably fit for a plumber.
"Is this... Titcoin!? My magic summoned it. With this... I can have Sarah-san all over me!"
If Naomin or anyone found out about me using this kind of power on her, I'd never be able to enjoy any tits ever again...
But my cock is already rising faster than any currency ever has—the die is already cast.
"First of all, Sarah-san... Could you hold this for me? ♪"
"Huh!? Ahnnn! What's going on... Ahn, ahhhn, No... M-My pussy, it's screaming out for cock! Ahnn!"
