炎厨矢
英玲奈
"Whoaaa!"
I stand stock still as a monster suddenly appears before me in a dungeon.
Erena immediately raises her magical staff and chants an incantation.
"From the abyss, come forth black power sources. Heed the words of this witch and join forces! Explosive polymer bonds, explode with magic!"
Three magic circles appear from the tip of Erena's staff. A black mist converges as she shoots plasma.
At the same time, a group of goblins that were hiding behind a rock attempt to attack. But a purple light arrow slices through them.
"Whoa... You really are incredible..."
I give her a round of applause. I wasn't even able to do a magical chant when faced with the unexpected.
"Good grief. It's absurd that the likes of those goblin troops would try to attack me with a trap knife."
They were a superior class of goblins, but Erena has the EXP to use darkness-breaking magic that blows away goblins hiding behind rocks too.
Also, a treasure chest dropped at the site where the goblins were defeated.
I stay vigilant in case the chest is a monster in disguise, and Erena buffs me. I pop open the lid of the treasure chest.
"Well, well, well... This is pretty nice..."
"That's not half bad for a quest prize."
I pull gold coins and crystals from the chest and stuff them in my tool bag.
"Huh? What's this?"
I spot a suspicious item at the very bottom of the chest.
"Wait, what is that?"
"Why is there a bra in there!?"
I think it's strange, but I still reach out and pick up the bra. The second I touch it, I get a new Ero-Magic.
"Oh, I see... So low-class magic can't be detected."
"Magic show me worth that's true. Apprise me of this item's value!"
Erena appraises the items...
"Ugh... Seems like these really are nothing special. Just some flashy underwear. I can just burn them now, right?"
"Aaah, wait! Hold it with the hellfire!"
I panic and hug the bra tightly to try and protect it from Erena's magic.
"There's no point in bringing home something worthless. If you keep taking stuff home, your room will be filled with garbage before you know it."
"Come on now, don't be like that...  This magic item I'll now scour. Detect, enchant, show me its power!"
Just in case, I check what magic the item possesses.
"Wow! This item helps you cut fat while still eating only your favorite foods! It bestows a magic retaining your beautiful proportions!"
"What did you say?"
"Hehehe, it's no wonder you're surprised. But this the real deal! Right now we're offering free shipping! Hurry, baby, pick up the phone!"
I explain it like a late-night TV infomercial and Erena flashes me a cold look.
"Do you really find this funny?"
I have no idea how to react, so I just keep talking.
"Well, this item has no magical value. It's just an item for dieting. I'll sell it at the shop later."
I try to put the bra into my tool bag, when...
"..."
Without warning, Erena wordlessly snatches the item from my hands.
"Huh!? U-Umm... Erena-san?"
"I-I'll hold onto it..."
Blushing slightly, Erena quickly puts the bra in with her things.
"If you carry it, people will think you're a perv. Your entire social life could crumble."
"I'm in the mood to help others today. So to ensure your social standing doesn't worsen even further, I'll take good care of this."
"Sure... If you say so, I won't stop you."
She was just about to burn them, but for some reason she changed her mind just like that. I really don't get how women think!
At any rate, we made it through the practice quest unscathed. We head toward the exit of the dungeon, located right by the academy.
After class is the long-awaited lunch break. I used all my energy in that practice session, so I'm starving.
Erena and I spend lunchtime together in the courtyard.
"Erena-san! Your lunch is always so colorful. It's like your side dishes are jewels and your lunchbox is a jewelry box!"
"You only ever talk like a second-rate comedian. If you want me to bestow you with some side dishes, ask me properly."
"Okay then, Erena, pass me a meatball!"
"You can't call that a request. Say 'Erena-sama, please bless this incompetent and pitiful man with a bit of food' while licking my shoes."
"Why do I have to belittle myself so much for just a bit of food!? Ugh!"
For a second there, I almost did as she said. How pathetic. But it shows how delicious Erena's meatballs are that she could push me so far.
"Haha... Okay, here. Say 'Aaah.' Make sure to really feel the pleasure of me directly feeding you."
Erena grabs her biggest meatball with her chopsticks and brings it to my mouth.
I consider how generous she is being today as I stuff my face.
"...*munch* *munch*... This is so good! It's delicious and meaty. It really is tasty."
I speak like a salaryman stopping by a restaurant and describing his thoughts on the cuisine.
Also, this meatball... It's probably wise to not ask what kind of meat it is. This is a different world, after all.
"The seasoning is amazing too. It's great to eat something with such a strong flavor after training."
"Is that a compliment? Compliment me more... Hahaha."
Erena-san seems to be in a great mood.
Maybe today she would even ignore me sneaking a peek at her bra, instead of sending me flying with a kick like normal.
My eyes go wide as saucers as I stare intently at Erena's chest through her uniform.
"Huh...?"
Under her thin blouse, I see she is wearing a slightly flashy bra.
"Wait, is that... The bra from earlier? You're really wearing it? Owww!"
I'm stabbed in the mouth with a dessert fork.
"Where do you think you're looking? Th-This special item's effects might become weaker over time!"
"Erena-san, please stop moving the fork around!"
"Consider it punishment for being a pervert with absolutely no tact."
Ooh, I'm getting punished! It feels so good...
It seems like Erena is interested in what I said about dieting. I had wanted to ask why she suddenly wanted to take them home...
She's thin already, though. She doesn't even need to diet.
A magic circle suddenly floats over my head, interrupting my thoughts.
(Is this...!?)
With no time to be surprised, the bra Erena's wearing is projected in the center of the magic circle and the mana begins to converge...
"Huh? What is this?"
Something really soft is touching my lips...?
But I can't see anything in front of me. Even so, it feels like there is a gummy pressed against my mouth.
What is this sensation I wish I could feel forever?
"Nooo! Nnngh, aaahn!"
