カシュニア
炎厨矢
"Ah! Hey, wait a sec... Kinda overkill, don't you think?"
Nothing remains where the sorcerer once stood, save for a pile of ash.
"You didn't burn his drops to cinders too, did you?"
"What? What are you talking about!? If I didn't cast Multi Dark Spread, %i1you%r would be cinders right now."
This girl's got no intention of actually protecting me, does she...?
She's got a point, though... If it weren't for her, I'd be a goner.
While she may be coarse with her words, it's true that I'd be dead without her. I guess I should thank her.
"...You're right, Kashnia. If it weren't for you, I'd be singing with the angels right now... Thanks."
I twist my bangs around my index finger while speaking in the suavest voice I can. It seems to work better than I'd hoped.
"A-A-Are you stupid? Y-You only just realized that now? Th-Th-This is why you're such a burden."
Kash-tan starts blushing bashfully. I guess she wasn't expecting me to thank her so directly. It's a little cute, honestly.
"A-Anyway, that sorcerer came out well-done, if I do say so myself! Behold my vampire might! Hahahaha!"
Only craters of various sizes remain where the sorcerer once stood. It's as if the spot has been carpet-bombed.
Kashnia jumps for joy as she watches a treasure chest drop onto the scorched earth.
Jumping girls mean bouncing boobs... It seems she's ignorant of that truth, letting her J-cup rocket boobs swing all over.
I graciously gaze at the galloping gazongas before my eyes, when suddenly...
(Hmm? This feeling...!)
An Ero-Magic Skill appears within my consciousness.
(What's this? Ero-Magic "Boobpas?")
Disguised as trap disarmament. Arouses the disarmer's sexual weak points. Causes any female's breasts to grow and lactate.
I've always been curious about her boobs, but if this Ero-Magic can tease them... that'd be incredible!
As Kashnia jumps for joy by the treasure chest, I activate the Ero-Magic.
"Okay, time to open it. Appraisal Detect Magic! Disarmament complete! Now let's see what's inside... Hmm?"
The chest's contents don't relinquish themselves quietly. A bottle of something transparent floats up into the air before exploding.
"Eek! O-Oh no...!"
"Oh!?"
The sparkling fluid rains down upon us before Kashnia can put up a barrier.
Fortunately, the bottle's shards seem to melt away midair before they reach us. The contents, however, splash onto her.
"Haah, haah... Mmgh... Takumi..."
"A-Are you okay, Kashnia?"
"I-I'm okay... Owww... Mmgh... Ah... Mmgh... Haah, haah, haah..."
"It seems like it's just holy water, so..."
The splash activated my item analysis skill. The liquid isn't particularly poisonous... In fact, it's pretty much just water.
However, it's making Kashnia shiver and clutch her body tightly. She seems to be in a lot of distress.
"Takumi! G-Get away from me... Ahh... Ahhh...!"
She no longer has her usual haughty look, now that I'm looking at her more closely. In fact, she looks like she's in heat.
At first she looked like she was in pain or something, but all she's doing is bashfully rubbing her thighs together.
"Wait, so does holy water make you horny? Your boobs suddenly got bigger, too!"
"Sh-Shut up...! D-Don't look at me with those dirty eyes! Mmgh... Haah..."
That water must be doing a number on her. Every time she speaks, her sensuous tongue seems to beckon me from within her mouth.
"Agh, I can't take it anymore!"
"Agh!? Mmgh... Mmgh!"
I cast aside all my inhibitions and steal Kashnia's lips.
She feebly tries to resist, but she seems to be powerless.
I push my tongue between her closed lips. Due to the holy water, Kash-tan can't resist, even in Vampire Mode.
"Mmgh... Ah... Mmwah... Mmgh... Mmph... Mmgh!"
I rub her breasts and nipples through her clothes, which are now several cup sizes too small as a result of the Ero-Magic.
My tongue goes inside her mouth, and twines around hers.
"Agh... Mmph... Mwah... Augh... *slurp*..."
Her sweet voice seeps out from between her lips alongside the sexy sound of us swapping saliva.
(Mmgh... Th-This lecherous man... took my first kiss... Guh...)
"Mmph... Ah, mmgh... Wh-Why would I want to kiss someone like you this deeply... as if we're lovers...? Mwah... *slurp*..."
I know she could simply push me away if she really wanted to, and yet she's the one clinging to me, afraid I'll pull away first.
Her soft, luscious lips entrance me. They feel amazing against mine.
She's not resisting, so I shove my tongue deep inside, sparing no part of her mouth from my touch.
(Ah... Ahh, mmgh... H-His tongue's all the way in... Mmmgh... Ahh, my mind's going blank... Haah... Haah...)
Eventually, she starts to kiss me back. She sucks on the tip of my tongue, wrapping hers around mine.
(It's no use... I can't hold myself back any longer!)
Without thinking, I push her down.
I pull her boobs out of her top and sink my aroused member into her voluptuous vampire cleavage.
