炎厨矢
英玲奈
"Nnngh... Mmh... Haaah... Haaah... Mmmh..."
Erena floats lightly in the air.
Her huge boobs bounce each time she sways.
"Hey, you can ride after all."
She blushes deeply in response, even though all she's done is straddle her broom.
"W-Wait... Aaah! Wh-What is this!?"
The broom is going crazy between Erena's legs.
It seems to be moving up and down, nuzzling deep between her thighs.
"Aaah! Ah... No?... Stop... It's too sensitive... I can't sit like this!"
Only a minute has passed, but Erena's breath is already ragged. She wasn't kidding.
"I see, so this is why you can't ride a broom."
I guessed she had a secret based on her earlier reaction, but I didn't expect it to be so perverted.
"Th-This... I can't... Aaah?! No, no! It's pushing in further! I said no! Aaah!"
"Everyone's gonna find out if you're so loud. Won't it suck if the academy finds out its star pupil can't ride a broom for this silly reason?"
I threaten Erena as I watch her struggle from below.
Erena glares at me as I speak.
"Wh-What are you trying to do... Nnngh! This is? Aaah...! Stop! Aaah! No!"
"It's your fault for not telling me the reason. All you had to do was say 'I get hot when the broomstick touches my pussy! ♪'"
"A-As if I could say something like? A?a?aah, haaah... Nnngh... No... No..."
I restrain Erena's hands with a ring of light so she can't break free.
As long as the spell I cast holds, the broomstick will rub Erena's clit forever.
"Waaah... L-Let me go... I'll forgive you if you do it now...! Ah... Nnngh... Waaah... Nnngh!"
She's got guts for acting so brave. But how long can she keep this up?
She's already this worked up with the broomstick barely nudging her. I'm excited to see what will happen with more time.
I'm getting a little hard just thinking about it. For now, I'll have some fun with her.
"If you get off now, you'll never be able to ride, right? Let's train. I'll help you."
"Wh-Why do I have to train? Can you stop making fun of me!?"
She holds on to her pride even as her face turns beet red?as expected of this Magical Academy's top student.
Seeing the usually composed Erena in such a pitiful state makes being late all but slip my mind.
This is awesome. Even though I was late, I easily made it past the gate patrol, and now I'm having so much fun.
"Man, that's a pretty wild stallion you're riding there."
I firmly grab the broom and shake it lightly from side to side.
"Aaah!? Ah... Aaah, sto? Aaaaaah!"
Erena shakes and arches backward. She starts sweating, the cloth of her outfit clinging to her skin.
She acts embarrassed, turning her head away from me to bear the humiliation. However, her resistance is futile.
"You should have better form when you ride a broom."
I mess with the broom even more, lifting the  tip up in the air.
"Eeeeek!!"
The broom shakes fiercely, causing Erena's breasts to pop out of her shirt.
"Oooooh, what an amazing view! Hehehe."
"D-Don't look, you perv! Haaah... Ah, No... My boobs are shaking. Aaaaah!"
"Your nipples and areolae are such a pretty pink... The color, the huge size, the great shape... All befitting for a top student."
With such amazing boobs right in front of me, I can't hide my joy and crack a smirk.
Huge, soft breasts. Pink, cute areolae. And rock-hard nipples.
They look so delicious from any angle, I could just about take a bite.
"Nnngh... Ah... Mmmh, haaah. I'll r-remember this... You think you can get away with this scot-free?"
She talks a big game, but the broomstick is already dripping with her juices.
"It's wrong to dirty your beloved broomstick so much, even if you are a top student."
I lift the tip of the broomstick even higher and Erena lets out a wail, close to tears.
"Aaah... Haaah, aaah... N-No... Cut it out..."
She's already super horny. Sex juices rain down from where the broom is rubbing up against her.
Erena is so wet that her panties are soaked through... The area under her panties must be even more wet.
I chant the ultimate Ero-Magic to make Erena look even more erotic.
"Hooble, booble, white and cream. Make milk from these titties stream!"
Suddenly, milk starts shooting out of both of Erena's breasts.
"Aaaaaaaaah!?"
Continuing to fondle her breasts with my hands, I start running my tongue over her nipple.
"What's happening!? Why is there so much milk!?"
Milk sprays forth like fountains from her nipples.
Ero-Magic really is great... It's the strongest magic for anything sexual!
"Y-You did this! Why are you doing this!? Stop it this instant! Don't mess with my breasts!"
"Huh? I'm doing this because I want to play with your boobs."
I hold Erena tightly and start gulping down her milk as it splashes on me like a shower.
"Aaaaaah!? S-Stop! What are you doing, you perv? Let me go! What part of that don't you understand!?"
"...*gulp* *gulp*... This tastes amazing... *slurp* *slurp*..."
I squeeze her breast, and milk flows out as if from a faucet. I gratefully accept the milk onto my tongue.
"Haaah?! Ah... Ah... No, stop... If you do anything else..."
"Your pussy is dripping wet from being rubbed, right? It shouldn't be a big deal for your boobs to overflow now."
"Wh-What's that supposed to mean!? Let me...  Haah! If you don't stop... Nnnghhh, Aaah... I'll never forgive... you... Nnngh."
Erena is completely red, struggling all she can, but she can't fall off the broomstick.
The faucets, no, nipples, that release milk from boobs... Nipples are the best...
"...*slurp*... *lick* *slurp*..."
"Aaah! Don't suck on my breasts! Aaah... Stop... No... Nnnghhh."
While groping both of her huge breasts, I latch on to one of her nipples and drink all I can.
No matter how much I drink, it keeps coming. The faintly sweet flavor fills my mouth. It's unexpectedly smooth.
The milk keeps shooting out, making her breasts white and slippery.
I grab hold of her milk-covered breasts and squeeze them.
Her boobs are indescribably soft and feel slick on my fingers. My mind starts melting away in pleasure.
"Haaah... Aaah, this is so embarrassing! So much... milk is coming out... Aaah, haaah..."
I watch as Erena blushes deeply in seeming disbelief of the milk gushing out of her breasts.
She twists as I tease her, her shoulders twitching and shaking, making me wonder if spewing milk feels good.
Her troubled expression is adorable. I inhale deeply through my nose while sucking her hard nipples.
"...*slurp* *lick*... *slurp* *slurp*..."
With each flick of my tongue on her swollen areolae, I feel how taut and bouncy they are.
"Isn't it embarrassing... acting like a baby?"
"No, not really. Don't worry about me. *slurp* *lick*... *slurp*..."
There is no indication that the gushing milk will stop.
I've seen cows get milked on TV, but this speed and quantity of milk is way more intense.
Enveloped in the sickly-sweet aroma, I lose myself in slurping and fondling Erena's breasts.
I have already seen how her milk keeps spraying due to my furious groping. Her nipples are super hard, the white liquid flowing out nonstop.
"Haaah... Ah... Nnngh... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah..."
"What's wrong? You've been quiet for a while."
Erena is silent, even though she was acting so tough earlier.
Her cheeks are still a dark crimson, but she also wears an expression of ecstasy.
Maybe getting her breasts sucked has awakened her maternal instinct...?
"Haaah... Aah... Nnngh... M-My stomach... feels hot... Wh-What... is this...?"
Her womb might be reacting to the stimulation. Even if she mentally resists, her body reacts as a woman.
Noticing how turned on she is, I realize that I need to do something about that ache in her womb. It is my duty as a man.
"...*slurp* *slurp* *lick*..."
Continuing to fondle her breasts with my hands, I start running my tongue over her nipple.
"Eeeeeek!!"
Erena lets out a particularly sexy moan as she jerks and convulses.
"Nnngh! Mmmh! I-I'm cumming!!"
She climaxes as a huge spurt of milk gushes into my mouth.
While the amount of breast milk is amazing, the juices splashing from her pussy are also soaking the broomstick.
"Ah, the broomstick is sopping wet. Your sexy pussy juice is dripping everywhere."
"Haaah... Haaah... D-Don't say... that... Any more would be too shameful... *sniff*..."
"Also, your broom has been descending for a while now. A witch needs to fly higher in the air."
She is actually only floating due to my spell. Erena can't really do anything about it.
She must not want to admit that she is floating by someone else's hand, so my threats should be effective.
I slide beneath the broomstick with Erena still on it.
"Haaah!? Wait a minute... Wh-What are you doing!?"
I shift the broomstick a bit, aligning my hard cock with Erena's entrance.
"If you float down, my dick is going to go all the way into your pussy."
Sweet nectar flows from Erena's crotch, making everything slippery.
The broomstick is stained where she straddled it, and the juices are so hot they seem to be steaming.
"Stop! Haaah, there is something hard on my pussy... No, it's shaking! Gross!!"
"Then you just need to float higher. It's simple, right?"
"I-It's not that easy... Haaah! M-Move! I'm telling you to move that dirty thing..."
Each time Erena's pussy lips touch the head of my cock, they make a sexy squelching sound.
I can tell she is soaking wet even though we are barely touching. Her panties are also completely drenched.
However, she doesn't really seem to dislike the situation too much.
I thought that maybe she had no energy left after cumming once, but her breath is even more ragged than before.
"Fwahh... I-If such a disgusting thing goes inside me... I would lose my honor as a witch... Nnngh, haahh..."
My cock twitches and throbs where it touches her pussy, which moves on its own as if it wants to take in my hard member.
(Did cumming earlier light a fire inside her...?)
(If she really hated this, she would be more angry. Instead, she is acting strangely cute and bashful...?)
As I think this, Erena's elevation drops more and more.
"Haaah... Haaah... Nnngh... No... It's humiliating... At this rate, that hard thing will go inside me... Haaah, Haaah..."
Erena lets out a hot gasp, her cheeks flushing as she licks her lips.
"H-Hey, is this okay? I'm going in..."
Erena was floating, but now she's falling because my magic is weakening.
In other words, if Erena was serious, it should be possible for her to fly higher and escape...
"Haaah... I have no energy... I-I'm so embarrassed... by all of this... Aaah...!"
Erena drops down a little lower. At the same time, my dick buries itself in her pussy.
"Whoa... I-I'm inside... Mmh!"
"Aaahh... Aaaaaah!!"
My cock is completely inside her.
"Oh my god...! Haah... Why is this happening to me...? Nnngh!"
"Oooh! You are so tight... It feels so good!"
I say this because I can't control myself as her hot and wet pussy envelops the head of my cock. It sucks in my dick perfectly.
"I-It hurts... O-Ow! Haaah... This... is my first time... so be more considerate... Haaah..."
Erena's pussy opens wider as it takes in my rock-hard cock.
As I push deeper, there's a lot of resistance from inside. There's no doubt she's a virgin.
It would have been better to run away if it's your first time. You must not hate me that much if you're letting me ravage you like this... 
I keep my mouth shut, knowing that I'd be asking for a knuckle sandwich if I said that out loud.
"I-I'm gonna move...!"
I lean my hips back as far as I can, pulling out about halfway.
I notice that her sex juices are mixed with something red.
Her brows furrow in pain. I feel bad for her, but I have no intention of stopping now. I push my cock inside her once more.
"Ow... Aaah... Haahn! My whole body... feels tingly... It's like I'm covered in goosebumps!"
Looking up at Erena, my eyes fixate on her breasts, which continue to spew milk. Her upper body is covered in the white liquid.
Between her twin peaks, I sneak a peek at her rapt expression. She looks like she is fully experiencing this, not angry at all.
"Whoa... Your pussy is sucking me in..."
The inside of her pussy is so hot that my cock feels like it's melting. Even staying still feels amazing, and my dick gets harder.
"Ah... Aaah... Nnnghh! It's getting bigger inside me... It's going deeper. Haaah... You're gonna wreck my pussy!"
Erena lets out a sweet breath, caught up in the moment. Matching my breathing to hers, I softly push my cock further inside her.
I slowly push all the way inside, then pull out halfway again. I repeat the motion, her pussy taking my cock to the hilt.
The constant rubbing sensation makes me really want to cum. I push down the urge, focusing on moving my hips up and down.
"Aaah... Mmmh! Haaahn... There's a weird sound. I hear something really gross. Nnngh! I-It's so vulgar!"
"That sound is your pussy. It's making such  naughty and sloppy noises."
Each time I push inside, Erena's nectar surrounds my dick and her pussy overflows.
Erena's still incredibly hot and wet inside, even with this much juice flowing out.
Pushing through her pussy and juices, my cock goes even deeper inside.
When I push the head of my cock hard into her pussy, Erena's hips buck upward.
"Aaahn... Haaahn... It's hitting something... Your hot dick is going wild inside of me, going deeper and deeper!"
She happily raises her voice as milk drips from her breasts above me.
At the same time, her pussy clamps down on my cock like it is wringing out a wet towel.
Is she really feeling good...? Her pussy seems to be having a great time!
My excitement rises even further upon seeing Erena experience such pleasure.
In other words, I have the urge to wildly thrust inside her.
"Mmmh... I can't hold back anymore. F-Forgive me, Erena! I'm sorry if this hurts!"
I push my hips up with all my might, burying my dick even deeper inside her.
"Aaaaaah! No... Your thick cock is all the way in... It's so deep inside me..."
"This is awesome! My cock is at the entrance of your womb!"
I enjoy the feeling of being all the way inside her. I buck my hips back and forth so hard that Erena shakes.
"Fwahhh! If-If you keep pounding me that hard, I... Aaah... Aaaaaah!"
With each thrust of my throbbing cock, Erena's moans grow louder and louder.
Her pussy is super tight, and perfectly envelops my cock.
She's so slick with juices. My smallest movements are almost enough to make me succumb to the pleasure.
As expected of a witch... Her pussy is out of this world!
If I lose focus, I'll blow my load, so I grab her waist and forcefully thrust upwards.
Our hips loudly slap together as I pound away.
"Haaahn! Aaah! You're going too... hard... Aaah! Nnngh!"
Erena's writhing pussy strongly contracts and tightens around my cock.
Erena is dripping in sweat. It's like she's on fire. Above me, her sweat and milk fly off of her.
Though she seemed to be suffering earlier, it is clear from her face that now she's melting in ecstasy.
"Ah... Ah... Why...? I-I can't think at all... When you're inside me, my mind goes blank.  You're screwing me stupid!"
Erena moves her hips in sync with mine as I thrust upward. With the help of the broom's suspension, she sexily bobs up and down.
Her boobs are shaking even harder than before. The milk on her skin scatters with a splashing sound.
I can't keep calm seeing her like this. Even my heart goes wild with arousal.
"Y-You are so deep inside... Nnnghh... I'm shaking! It's making me crazy! Aaah! Haaahn!!"
Each time the head of my cock presses inside her, Erena surrenders more and more to her pleasure.
Her expression is blank. In ecstasy, drool pools around the corners of her mouth.
I get even more excited seeing her this way.
"A-Aaah... I-It's like I'm flying away. Haaahn... My head is going completely blank..."
"Flying is a witch's specialty, right? Fly as far as you want!"
I feel the cum well up deep in my balls. I increase the speed of my thrusts as I reach my limit.
"Haaahn! S-So fast... Aaah! Stop! I can't... Haaahn!!"
The broomstick doesn't rise at all, but Erena reaches her climax.
"Aaah, I'm cumming! I'm gonna dump a huge load of mana inside your womb!!"
I shoot out a hot stream of jizz, letting the power go from my hips.
A torrent of cum gushes into Erena's pussy.
"Aaaaaah! It's so hot! There's so much!"
She can't control herself anymore. She looks even more erotic as she takes all my cum.
"Aaah! I-I'm gonna cum! Aah, I'm cumming! Aaaahhh! I'm cumming!!"
She cums violently, milk still spewing from her breasts.
"Aaah! You're so tight it hurts."
"Haahn... I can't help it. I can't control myself. Aaah... This feels so amazing."
Erena smiles down at me after climaxing.
"Haaahn... Aaah... You came so much inside me... That was so incredible."
Erena sighs, her cheeks a bright red. She wears a satisfied smile.
I was a bit worried while we were having sex, but she doesn't seem mad at all. The knot in my chest loosens.
"But we really can't keep on like this."
Her expression becomes a bit seductive as she speaks.
"Huh?"
Right when I think this, Erena's magic suddenly bursts around me.
"Aaaaaah!?"
......
...
Using her magic, Erena pins me naked to a giant tree on the school grounds.
"Wait, Erena-sama! People are gonna see me!"
"That's my line! I can't believe you did that to me in a place where anyone could show up..."
"If I was going to do it, I wanted to do it properly..."
"Huh? What are you saying? I can't hear you!"
Erena steps back while muttering something to herself.
"N-Nooooo! I'm sorry! H-Help! Erena!!"
By Erena's orders, I was left behind and sentenced to having my junk restrained while on her floating broomstick.
