フィー
炎厨矢
"Welp, I think we can call it a day. You coming too, Phee?"
I'm using my after-school time to practice my offensive magic.
Phee accompanies me all the while.
"Yes, Senpai."
Her adorable voice rings out clear as day without hesitation.
"Sweet. Let's reconvene in that classroom just ahead once we've washed up and changed out of these sweaty clothes."
"Sounds good."
"Sorry to keep you waiting, Senpai."
"I-It's cool..."
Phee stands before me in her freshly changed uniform.
Droplets of water fall from her still-wet hair, tracing along her collarbone and falling to the tops of her breasts...
"...*gulp*..."
What's more, there's a floral scent wafting from her and tickling my nose.
"...*stare*..."
God help me, every time I see her...
She has such an overpoweringly gorgeous figure that not even a suit could hide. Fantasy worlds are freakin' incredible...
And speaking of freakin' incredible, those massive mounds of joy that jiggle with every step are nothing to sneeze at either!
I can't take my eyes off of those luscious torpedo-titties even if I tried.
"I-Is something the matter, Senpai? W-Were you unsatisfied with my guidance system today?"
"Oh, your system is flawless, but... god, if it was analyzing those boobs of yours, I'm sure it'd be like 'AWOOGA! AWOOGA! DANGER! DANGER!'"
"Wh-Whaaa? I-Is that what you think...? That I'll hurt you?"
Shit, I forgot! She cries at the drop of a hat!
I was just trying to goof around with her. I never thought she'd take it so seriously!
"No, not at all, I swear! It's just a joke, Phee!"
"A-A joke? Oh... Oh, you! That is so mean of you!"
"I know, and I'm sorry. Don't get too upset, though. I heard anger makes your boobs deflate."
I pat her breasts in the same way one might comfort a crying child.
"Hyah... S-Senpai... Please... Ahn... What do my breasts have to do with this conversation!? Hahn!"
Phee's little protests are just goading me into making her my favorite bosom buddy.
"Hahn... S-Senpai... I almost forgot to mention..."
"What is it, Phee? Kinda got my hands full here..."
You little minx! Me and the girls were just starting to get acquainted!
"Hahn... My manufacturer has stated... that we will be performing genetic analysis on you... Is that okay? Ahn!"
"I mean, I don't really care either way. But what's it for?"
"Mmph, using your genetic data, I can become your bodysuit using the fapparel borne of the Philosopher's Bone to fully integrate with you."
"Oh, I get it! Only... I totally don't. You understand any of that, my squishy friends?"
The hell am I asking them for? Boobs can't talk.
"Ahn... To make a long story short... I can attach myself to your body as a kind of armor... Mmngh."
"So I'd be fully integrated with you when I fight, huh? Real up close and personal... Really, REALLY up close and personal..."
"Y-Yes, that is correct... And why did you say really twice...? Ah!"
Even through her uniform, I can feel her nipples hardening. I give them a little pinch.
"Well, I'm gonna keep squeezing these, so go on... Wait, you're not gonna take a chunk of my skin or something, are you!?"
"I-It will be okay..."
"Look me in the eye and say it! Say it's gonna be okay!"
"Hahn... It will be fine... No problems at all..."
I give her a look as she does her darndest to give a good reply, then continue my full-frontal onslaught.
"Hahn... Ah... I-Is that a no... Senpai...?"
With a puppy-dog face like that... how could I possibly refuse!?
She's practically preying on my base instincts. No man could ever hope to fight that.
