サラ
炎厨矢
"Ahnn, I can't hold back any more! Hold still, Takumi-kun... Mmmn, ahn, it feels so good I can hardly measure you... Ahnn, mmn!"
"Sarah-san, hold on— Mmnnph!!!"
Sarah-san ignores me completely, and presses herself against me in shameless lust.
"Hahhn... Let's measure your cock as well... Mmn!"
She whispers in my ear in her usual languid, lascivious tone as she pulls my already-throbbing shaft from my zipper and starts to stroke it.
She wraps the tape around my tip, her measurement only slightly disrupted from how she's pushing my face between her huge, pillowy boobs.
"Hahh, hahh... Takumi-kun... You're already so hard, and I haven't even started measuring you yet... You're so cute, hehe!"
Argh, Sarah-san, at this rate my head measurement is going to include two huge mounds on either side!
Exactly why did you have to strip me and tie me to a chair to do this, anyway!?
"Takumi-kun, you've got such a manly chest, you wouldn't think you were a wizard... Your cock's just as manly too. Ahn, it's making me so hot. ♪"
The scent of her perfume and the softness of her breasts are filling my own body with a fuzzy kind of heat too.
My Ero-Magic seems to be making her into even more of a shameless exhibitionist than normal.
"Hahh, hahh... Do you like my boobs, Takumi-kun? I know you're always staring at them. Here you go, enjoy them. ♪"
She completely envelops my face with her cleavage, filling my brain with her perfume as she measures my head.
"Hahhn, anhn, you're licking them like a hungry dog... Mmm, taste my nipples as much as you like! Ahahhn!"
Looking down at my painfully-engorged shaft with a licentious grin, she reaches down to run her long, delicate fingers down it.
"Mmmn, you're even harder than you were before. You really love my breasts, don't you? I think I need to give this a proper measure too. ♪"
She takes my cock between her seamstress' fingers, and slides it underneath her dress.
"Ahn, it's so hot! Hahh, so this what Takumi-kun's cock feels like... Hahh, hahh, hahhh..."
(Hahh, hnngh, this is almost too much, Sarah-san!)
She rubs the soft skin of her thighs and her belly and the silky fabric of her dress against my cock, sending shivers up my spine.
"Ahn, it's so warm against my skin... Mmn, hahhn, mmn!"
She begins to buck her hips against me, rutting her already-soaked panties against my leg.
"Ahahhn! Mmmn, mmnph! Mmn, tsk, you just keep getting bigger, Takumi-kun... I can't measure accurately like this, ahhn!"
Gah, it's hard not to keep getting harder when the head of my cock is rubbing against her stomach like this!
"Hahhhn, ahhn! Ahn, nooo! It's hitting my clit! Ahn!"
She grinds up against me like a lapdancer, my tip sliding up the sticky crease of her panties each time before rubbing against her belly.
She's completely out of control, clamping her thighs around my shaft and squeezing it with wanton force as she moans in desperate pleasure.
"Hahhn, I'm getting so hot... Ahnnn...!"
(God... She's so wet, it feels so incredible just being crushed between her thighs like this!)
I'm not sure it could even feel any better if I was inside her pussy!
"Ahn, no, I can't stop, my hips just keep moving... Mmmn, mmnph!"
I can feel her pussy lips twitching and throbbing through her panties, almost like I could slip inside them at any moment.
"Ahhn, hahhn, I can tell you want to put your cock inside me, Takumi-kun... Ahnn..."
Her slit is soaking her panties with love juice, covering my entire length in a layer of her wetness.
Sarah-san lets out a salacious moan each time the head of my cock grazes her clit, and her back arches in agonizing pleasure.
"Mmmn, *slurp*... You can still get bigger though, can't you? Mmn, *schlurp*!"
She slides down my body, and starts to tease my nipple with her tongue.
"Mmm, mwah... *slurp* mmph! Mwah!"
(Whoa! She's really licking them! This feels kinda... amazing!)
I'm left unable to do anything but moan.
Her tongue flicks lasciviously around my stiffening nipples.
"Mmn, *slurp*! Mwah! Mmnph, *schlurp*!"
With every lick, my whole body twitches and tingles.
Gah, it's not fair, using such an advanced technique on an innocent boy like me! It's making my cock ache painfully!
"Mmm... Your nipples are, *slurp*... so tasty, Takumi-kun... Mmmn!"
Sara bucks her hips with animalistic lust as she licks me, grinding my cock between her plump thighs and her dress.
At the peak of each thrust I can see my head stretch out the fabric of the dress obscenely.
"Hahhn... Mmn, mwah... *slurp*... You're shivering every time I lick them... It's making me quiver too, mmmn..."
Her breath is hot and ragged on my chest as she licks, sucks, and even nips greedily at me.
"Mmn, hahhh.. Mwah, mmnph! *slurrrp*!"
"Ahn! Sarah-san!"
She looks up at me with a grin, and takes my entire nipple into her mouth to suck shamelessly on it.
"Mmph, *scchlurrrpp*!"
"Ahhh! Sarah-san!"
Jolts of a pleasure even more intense than anything up until now surge through my body.
My cock quivers between her thighs, and the pressure inside me crescendos.
"Ahnn!"
Sarah-san shudders on top of me as my cock starts to coat the inside of her dress in a torrent of sticky white cum.
"Ahn, there's so much... My dress is absolutely covered... Hehehe..."
"Hnngh... I can't believe I came so much... Hahh, hahh..."
White liquid drips from her dress onto the floor and down her legs, soaking into her stockings.
Sarah-san gazes down at me with a lustful smile, and her eyes drift down to stare with a hungry glint at my still-stiff cock.
"Hehe... What's wrong, Takumi-kun?"
(Hnngh, Sarah-san... I want you to measure it with your pussy so badly...)
I'm filled with intense gratitude for the Ero-Magic that has put me in such an amazing situation.
I'm so grateful, in fact, that my cock is standing even more proudly erect and rock-solid than before.
(The frustration of not being able to put it in her pussy yet is killing me, but it's getting me so turned on too...)
"Mmn... I think I've kept you waiting long enough. Time to take a proper measurement..."
She whispers in my ear with a devilish grin.
My cock throbs in anticipation, and all I can do is groan as I finally feel its head sliding into Sarah-san's soaking-wet slit.
"Hahh, hahhn... Ahn, I can't hold back any more... Mmnph, ahn! Ah, your hot cock is going inside me! Ahnn!"
(Hnngh... Her pussy is incredible!)
It has an entirely different, even more obscene feeling than her dress and panties.
It's so warm and slippery, and it feels like every inch of her walls is greedily sucking my cock deeper inside her.
"Hyahhhn! Mmn, ahn! It's so huge, and hot... It's incredible! Ahhnn!"
Her breath tingles against my neck, and the heat of her spreads through my entire body as my cock slides into her down to the hilt.
"Ahahn! Mmnph, mmn!"
She lets out a high, shameless moan as her plump ass comes to rest in my lap.
She clings closely to me and starts to grind back and forth against me.
"Ahh, ahh! Sarah-san!"
"Ahn, ahnn, ahahhn! Mmnn! Does that feel good, Takumi-kun? Hahhn, ahnn, ahhn!"
She purrs into my ear, and nibbles on my earlobe.
"Hahh, ahn! It feels incredible for me! Mmmn, ahhnnn!"
She grinds back and forth and up and down at the same time in an elliptical movement, her pussy walls fervently gripping my shaft.
"Mmmn, Sarah-san! The way your hips are moving, mmn, it's amazing!"
"Ahnn! Mmnn, ahahhn, ahn, ahhhnn!"
She bucks her hips on top of me like a bull rider.
It feels like her pussy is sucking me in with every thrust, her walls licking at my shaft like a thousand lascivious little tongues.
"Ahhn, it feels so good to get fucked while licking your nipples... Ahhhyyahnn!"
I start to drive my hips back up against hers if only to stop myself from going mad from the intense pleasure.
The sudden sensation makes her tense up, and her pussy grips me with breathtaking strength.
"Ahnn, no... Hahhh... This cock's driving me crazy... Hahhn, ahhnn!"
Each time I thrust my hips up, her pussy walls squirm with ecstasy.
It sends jolts of electricity up my spine each time, my whole body starting to fill with a kind of tingling pressure.
Before I can get lost in a little reverie, however, Sarah-san slams herself down on my cock and crushes my face into her boobs.
"Argh, Sarah-san! This is, this is too much!"
"Ahhn, Takumi-kun! Do it... Pour all of your cum in my slutty pussy! So much I can't take it all, ahahnnn!"
She croons in my ear lasciviously as she rams her hips against me with shameless, animal abandon.
"Ahhn! Mmngh, ahn, ahnn, mmmn!"
Her lips, so plump and juicy, look so incredibly inviting as she moans through them.
"Ahhhhn, this cock, this cock... It's so good! Yes, fuck my slutty pussy with your cock as hard as you can!"
Sarah-san's usual warm smile has been replaced with the lustful expression that makes my own most carnal desires completely take over my mind.
"Ahahhhn, it's getting even bigger! Ahnn! Ahnnn!"
As if on her signal, my shaft starts to throb with an almost unbearable pressure, and my desperation reaches an overpowering crescendo.
"Ahahn! Mmmnph, mmng!"
"Hahh, Sarah-san, I-I'm cumming!"
"Hahhn, I'm cumming too, yes, yes! I'm cummminnng... HAHHHNNN!"
My cock spurts out what feels like a lightning bolt of searing hot, white liquid right against the entrance to Sarah-san's womb.
"Hahh, hahhh, Sarah-san..."
"Hahhhn... Ahn, there's so much filling me up, Takumi-kun... I'm going to get pregnant!"
Torrents of cum start to pour into her, quickly overflowing and spilling out from her twitching, puckering entrance.
"Takumi-kuuunnn... You look sho cwute when you're cumming sho much..."
Sarah-san can hardly speak properly from the sensation of the hot seed filling her up.
Her pussy walls are massaging my cock ecstatically as she cums, trying to wring every last drop out of me.
"Hahhhhn! Mmmnph!"
I pull my still-throbbing shaft from her hot insides, and what's left of my cum covers her ass and thighs in a sticky coating.
I'm finally finished, both her dress and her pantyhose are soaked through with my scent.
As I'm trying to regain my bearings, I can feel the incredible buxomness of her chest still pressing salaciously down on me.
She leans in and roughly presses her mouth to mine, her breath hot and ragged. Then, she forces her tongue into my mouth again.
(Whoa... Oh no, if she tries to give me another "measurement" right now...!)
"Ahnn, you're already hard again? ♪ Hmm, I'm going to have to measure you again, just to be accurate. ♪ Mmnn!"
And with that, it all starts again.
Within seconds, she's bucking and writhing on top of me, my face buried in her boobs.
Ever since then, the price of Titcoin has been skyrocketing, and I've been going back for a lot of "measurements" from Sarah-san.
I think I, of all people, can say from experience—buy Titcoin today!
