エレン
エレン先生
ドアの向こうの声
ミルファ
炎厨矢
"Excuse me!"
Argh, I've got such a horrible headache today... Or at least, that's the excuse I'm using to come to the nurse's room.
In need of a little stress relief from an archpriest, I'm here to get Catherine-senpai to soothe me in body, soul, and... elsewhere.
"Huh? Catherine-senpai? Where are you?"
Dammit, just when I was in need of her healing hooters, it doesn't seem like she's here.
"Aww, dammit..."
How am I going to get through the rest of the day without a little of her lovin'?
"Hahhh..."
"That's quite the sigh, Takumi-kun. You aren't in pain or anything, are you?"
%150; "What are you, psychic!?" 
Dammit, I should have known. In a world like this, telepathy must be the most basic power you could possibly have!
"I'm not a psychic, I'm a sorcerer! You're always so funny, Takumi-kun. Hehe..."
"Hahaha, sorry about that, my psychic senses were tingling..."
Her smile is so warm and beautiful that I feel like she's casting a spell on me right now.
Hmm, maybe she'd be up for giving me a little sensual healing? Wait, no, control yourself, man. You're here for Catherine-senpai!
"Ahem, would you happen to know where Catherine-senpai is? I was hoping she's take a look at my throbbing erect— I mean, headache."
"Oh, she had to go home early today."
"Huh? Why?"
"She wasn't feeling well, so I've come to check on the infirmary in her place."
"I-I see..."
If Ellen-sensei's having to do that... Does she have a cold? Or maybe, just maybe, it's that time of the month!?
Hmm, I wonder if she prefers pads or tampons...
(As a true gentleman, I shall have to ask her next time I see her! For purely informational reasons!)
Still... A nurse's room without her is like a burger without the patty, or fried chicken without the chicken!
Well, I guess there's no point staying around here.
"So, it doesn't look like anyone here needs my help desperately. I should get going."
"Umm, there is me..."
"Oh, I think you'll be fine, hehe. Given you've got that usual perverted smile of yours, I get the impression you're not really feeling too bad."
%150; "I suppose not! Haha... ha..." 
With that, she leaves the room.
Well, what am I going to do now? I guess I could just have a nap...
"By the way... No skipping class in here, okay? ♪"
%150; "I-I would never do such a thing!" 
I feel her eyes looking into my very soul.
"Really? Well, see you then."
She leaves me completely bummed out.
I sit alone in the nurse's room for a moment.
"Well, I guess I'll just trudge my way back to the classroom..."
"Excuse me!"
"Huh? Who is that?"
A cute girl's voice comes beyond the door.
Well, of course it's a girl. I'm the only guy in the whole school.
The door opens.
"Ooooh..."
Be still my beating heart!
Through the door comes a beautiful girl. Her face is young and adorable, but my eyes naturally slide down to a pair of absolute dynamite boobs.
And what's more, she's wearing this world's super low-rise bloomers!
This pleasant surprise visitor instantly puts me into full-on manly pervert mode.
"Ugh, a guy?"
"Indeed, a man I am. Sorry to surprise you. I'm Takumi, a second-year, and I've been allowed to, ahem, temporarily stay at the academy."
"R-Right... I-I'm Milfa, a first-year. So, umm..."
I shake her by her soft, delicate hand.
It's shaking and sweating a little. She must be nervous.
"Milfa-chan, huh? Your name's just as cute as you are."
There's something about her that's almost like a tiny little animal, especially in that cute, babyish face.
"Th-Thank you..."
She blushes and averts her eyes.
A pair of curled horns are sticking out from under her short hair—I suppose she's not a normal human.
"Have you just come from gym class?"
"Y-Yes... We were playing magical volleyball."
"Hmm, I see."
I've seen them playing magical volleyball in the gym hall sometimes.
It's mostly like regular volleyball, except the ball is composed of magical energy.
The spikes are crazy, though. I got so into it that Naomin came by and thought I was staring at the girls, which of course I would never do.
"..."
Right now, however, I can't deny I'm a little spellbound by the two soft-looking volleyballs in front of me.
"U-Umm... Will Catherine-senpai be coming back any time soon?"
(Gah! Don't look at me with that cute face! I'm meant to want to ravish girls, not protect them!)
If I could, I'd take Catherine-senpai's place and help her out in any way I can...
"Huh?"
(Ooh, a new Ero-Magic! What does this one... Whoa!)
Oh gods of Ero-Magic, you've really outdone yourself this time! Praise be! I marvel at the new ability granted unto my perverted heart!
"Doppelbanger: Cumceal your form in another's skin, so you can get your dick stuck in!"
Of course, I can't resist using it right away.
Luckily, I already have just the idea in mind for how...
"Hmm, give me a second, and I'll just go and grab Catherine-senpai."
"R-Really? Th-Thank you!"
"No problem! Just wait right there."
I rush out into the hall, my libido barely escaping the gravitational pull of Milfa-chan's planetary bazongas.
As soon as I'm out of sight, I activate my new power.
