リディア
炎厨矢
"Mmm, mwah... Mmn, *slurp*... Mwah!"
The cutely sloppy sounds of our lips smacking together reverberate through the empty art room.
It's not exactly a hive of activity. Students here just don't appreciate art, I guess.
We can just about hear the hubble of girls going about their business outside over the sound of Lydia-chan's sweet moans.
"You've gotten really good at kissing, you know? I could tell you were embarrassed at first, but now you're really slurping on my tongue."
"D-Don't say that... Mmm, mwah, you've taught me so much dirty stuff, Takumi-senpai... Mmn, *slurp*!"
Recently, she's gotten incredibly proactive with her "training."
She's almost perfect. She's cute, she's got enormous S-cups, and she's got inverted nipples!
Who wouldn't want to practice kissing with a girl like this every day?
Succubi are the best!
"Lydia-chan, use your tongue a little bit more."
It's small and dainty, but surprisingly powerful. She roughly swirls it around my tongue.
"It's so hard keeping my magic levels up when I'm with you, Takumi-senpai... Mmmn, my grades have been dropping..."
"Hmm, is there something I can do to boost your magic?"
"W-Well, umm... If we did, ahem, even dirtier things... Really, really dirty..."
How can a succubus be so innocent and so adorable!? I want to throw her down on one of these desks right away!
"I asked my mother, and she said that it has to be us succubi who take control in order to recharge our magic... But it's so embarrassing!"
"D-Do you, umm... Do you think dirty girls are weird?"
She looks up at me on the verge of tears.
"Of course I don't! I love them!"
I grab hold of her and stare into her eyes.
"A succubus has to be dirty, right? To be honest, I absolutely love that! Be as dirty as you can!"
"B-But... I've never attacked a man before. So please... Teach me how to hunt men!"
"You're the only person I can ask..."
She presses her lips against mine as if pleading with me.
"Whoa!?"
At that instant, I feel my Ero-Magic kick in.
"'Pervheart!' Tits and ass, and cocks galore, turn this sucubbus into a whore!"
