リディア
炎厨矢
"Ooh, so this is your room?"
"Indeed it is. Take a seat."
Lydia-chan sits on the bed and fidgets with her hands.
She looks so cute and innocent. You'd almost think she wasn't a succubus.
There's no escaping the fact that she's here to polish her pole-pleasing skills, however.
You can tell that by the way she's here not in her uniform, but in full succubus mode!
"Hahh, hahh... Be still, my beating cock..."
"Umm, are you okay, Takumi-senpai?"
"A-Absolutely!"
Of course I'm not okay. With a girl like this in front of me, who wouldn't be nursing a pants python the size of Jörmungandr!?
(She looks so sexy like this, dammit!)
I just want to throw her down on the bed and have my way with those huge boobs...
No, no, calm down. You have been entrusted with the very important job of teaching this cute succubus how to do her job.
You are the only boy in school, and she's counting on you.
She doesn't have any other men to practice with (oh woe is me), so this is her first time really trying out her true succubus abilities.
"So, umm... I'm going to kneel on the bed, and I want you to lay on my lap. Then, I want you to tell me what kind of dream you'd like to have."
Her face is as red as a tomato, but I happily bury myself in her thick thighs anyway.
"Do I need to be here specifically? Can't you sense my dirty dreams anyway? Not that I'm complaining..."
She looks away in a panic.
She should be able to read my dreams just by touching me.
I know what she really wants, though.
The fact that she won't say so does make me want to tease her, though...
"I-It's easier to do it if you're like this, though... I'm not great at using my powers, so this is better..."
She's giving me a look like some kind of tiny animal as she makes her excuses.
"You're as cute as ever today, Lydia-chan. So of course, as your wonderful and magnanimous trainer, I'll gladly use these big thighs as a pillow!"
"P-Please do!"
Ahh, they're so soft... You're meant to lie on pillows face-down, right? Yep, that's right.
"Hyahhn! Umm, Takumi-senpai... Could you, err, turn around? Ahhhn! Hahhn, stop!"
"Sorry, I can't hear you. *huff* *huff * *lick* *lick*..."
The sweet scent of this sexy succubus in my nostrils is so pleasant I don't think I even need to escape into any kind of dream world.
"This is just how I sleep, you know? Deal with the hand you're dealt... *huff* *huff*!"
"Ahhhn! Oh, Takumi-senpai... Y-You really are a pervert..."
She doesn't seem too displeased, though.
"U-Umm, well, so... Let's start... Ahn!"
The moment that she puts her hand to my head, a weird magical circle with a chapter select screen from a video game appears there.
"So, these are your dreams... I'll have to edit them just a little, okay?"
I can already feel myself drifting off to sleep, but also with the strange sensation of a very dirty quiz running through my mind...
"Preferred age," "Most desired fetishes," "Favorite outfits," "Sub or Dom"...
I've taken exams less detailed. Thankfully, my brain completes it in an instant.
"S-So, let's start. ♪ Err, what was it again? Umm... 'Deeper than darkness, deeper than dusk... Bury yourself in my womanly musk'..."
Well, you don't have to tell me twice. That's a spell I could get along with any day. I feel my consciousness slipping away...
