エレン
エレン先生
オルガ
炎厨矢
Standing in one of the academy's home economics rooms, I look around to see... knives, cutting boards, pots... Your standard kitchen supplies.
Except there's no running water or ovens. Instead, there are grills in the countertops, covered by copper stovepipes that touch the ceiling.
What fuels these grills isn't the usual wood or charcoal, but a type of magic-infused brimstone; although it burns just like the regular stuff.
This elegant equipment wouldn't be out of place in an antique shop, but the courses here aren't very different from what I've taken back home.
"Even in another realm, I guess some things never change."
This cooking class at an all-girls institution has the added bonus of being an ultra-feminine way of providing provisions for quests.
"So, we're in the same party today? Well, we'll take down this assignment easily enough. Speaking of which, %i1can%r you cook?"
Uh, 'take down'? There's something about the way Olga's phrased it that has alarm bells ringing in my ears.
"Sure, more or less."
"Well, it's no matter—as long as you don't get in my way. Hehehe, I'm looking forward to seeing just how incompetent you are."
"Oh, I'd be happy to stand off on sidelines—I'll get a %i1much%r better view of you in your apron from there... Hey, what if that's ALL you wore?"
"I should've known. No matter what the situation is, you %i1always%r manage to turn it into something... lewd."
"Today we'll be making a 'poisson à la meunière.' Use any fish you'd like for the base, but take care to avoid anything cursed or poisonous."
"Heh, poisonous or... cursed, huh... Uh... Hm."
Ellen-sensei's gentle warning is another anxiety-inducing reminder that I'm not in Kansas anymore.
In any case, since I don't really know what kinds of aquatic creatures here are edible (for humans, at least), I've left our choice of fish up to Olga.
Honestly, I haven't been off-campus enough to really know what's even %i1out%r there. Better to let a local handle this one.
Huh, have I ever read a light novel where the crusader was a capable chef? Feels like nine times out of ten, it's the total opposite.
(Still, she basically told me to buzz off. But even someone like Olga couldn't screw up that badly, right?)
Nobody bothered to give us any kind of formal instruction (or even a recipe), so how hard can it be? That said, we were warned about the menu.
"No need to worry, I already had my household's chef send over the finest fish from our stocks this morning."
Beaming with pride, Olga sets a crate up on the countertop. I'm assuming it's whatever we need to make the meunière, but it's, well, stupidly large.
(Seriously, what's with the giant-ass box!?)
With a gulp, I gingerly lift the lid of the ominously sized crate. I mean, this can't be anything good.
"Eugh...!"
I peer inside to see an otherworldly creature that, I guess, falls under the umbrella of "aquatic animal."
Basically, it looks like an axolotl... with six extra eyes.
Oh, heeeeeeell no! Do ALL the meals here have to be a game of Russian roulette!?
"When it comes to poisson à la meunière, nothing beats a fresh ltoloxa!"
The name's practically the same, too, just backwards! ...Except that this world's version of an axolotl is the size of a small alligator.
(What is that thing even supposed to %i1taste%r like?)
Catfish, maybe? And "meunière"... That's French, right? You usually can't go wrong with French cuisine... Assuming that thing actually does taste like fish.
Either way, it's no salmon. I could fillet one of those, but this is out of my league. I should... respectfully decline. Yeah.
"Wow, I uh, should've known you'd bring in something ultra rare! Since %i1you're%r the swordmaster, I'll leave the slicing and dicing to you, okay?"
"Wh—! Well! I-I suppose I %i1could%r, but... it's pretty rare to see cooking techniques from a different world, so... I thought I'd let you do the honors."
"W-Wait, don't tell me... After all that gloating, you can't cook!?"
"O-Of course, I can...! S-Something as simple as filleting a fish would be child's play for any self-respecting crusader..."
Those are some seriously shifty eyes. Hang on; this woman who runs around swinging a giant broadsword lacks even the most basic cutting skills!?
Dammit, what kind of swordswoman can't use a kitchen knife!? Ugh, this is %i1such%r an overused trope!
"Hey, look at me. %i1You%r brought the ltoloxa in, so %i1you're%r the one who has to prepare it."
"Th-That's just how it worked out! If you take care of the fish, then I'll do the rest. Don't you think it likes you more than it likes me?"
"Don't you give me that look! C'mon, you chop up monsters all the time!"
But, right in the middle of our argument...
"Hm?"
My thoughts are interrupted by the appearance of a new Ero-Magic spell.
"Frizzling Hot"? Uh, that sounds more like cooking magic to me. Thanks for nothing, you useless skill!
Well, not that complaining about it is going to do me any good. I'm sure I can find %i1some%r use for it.
So, I cast the mysterious spell without a second thought.
