ナオミン
炎厨矢
英玲奈
"Crap, why does this place have to be so big!?"
I've been sprinting all the way from the dorms to the Magical Academy, but I still don't make  it before the morning bell.
It's not like I meant to be late... but I am.
"Hahh... Why are you late every single day...?"
"On top of being a pervert, you're always late too..."
%150;Those aren't related!
This is such a refreshing morning, with Erena and the class president, Naomin, harshly reprimanding me for being late.
"You can't get up on time because you always stay up so late. The early bird gets the worm. Maybe take this chance to become a morning person, hm?"
"Gah... I'd love to do that! But what kind of darkness dweller would I be if I basked in the glow of the dawn sunlight!?"
After she's done complaining, Naomin swiftly takes her leave.
"Hahh... You sure are pathetic."
Erena lets out a deep sigh from beside me as I bow before her.
"Hey."
"What?"
"Since you're a witch, couldn't you just, y'know, carry me to school on the back of your broomstick every morning like a delivery woman?"
"You're asking me to do something you know I won't do. Are you an idiot?"
"Ooh, you cut me deep there. This is a request from your dear childhood friend!"
"Maybe you won't understand unless I clearly tell you no."
"Nevertheless, Erena-sama! Please give lazy, old me a lift! I definitely won't hug you or fondle your boobs."
"I'd sure hope not!"
Spitting out her words, Erena looks down on me not as a childhood friend, but like I'm garbage.
I stop myself from asking her to glare at me more, and I suddenly realize something... I enjoy her sadistic and hateful gaze!
"Come to think of it, even though you're a witch, I've never seen you ride a broomstick."
"Ummm..."
Hearing Erena sound so anxious makes my eyes grow wide and I chuckle.
"Is it possible, Erena-tan, that you can't even ride a broomstick? Hahaha!"
A clump of air hits my stomach with a thud. It's a non-lethal, low-level magic air bolt.
Thank god I didn't eat breakfast.
"I-It isn't that I can't%r ride. Riding is just... It's not my forte, that's all!"
"The academy's pride and joy can't ride a broom? Are you serious!?"
While bantering with Erena, I feel myself bestowed with a new Ero-Magic.
Th-This is—!
"Okay, leave it to me."
"Leave it to you? It feels like a crappy game flag when such a worthless human gets so fired up."
Hey, what do you mean by worthless human...?
Erena-san mutters a super meta phrase that predicts where this is going.
"Spread your legs and come this way, your humble follower begs today."
"Reveal the supreme path, tell us idiots twice! Hammer Price!"
Magic circles form one after another above my head as I chant.
"Huh!? Wait a second? Wh-What!?"
"N-No way! What is this...? Aaah!"
