カトレーヌ
ミルファ
炎厨矢
Perfectly disguised as Catherine-senpai, I start to take Milfa-chan's measuremeants.
"So, let's start with your breasts."
I swiftly pull up the shirt and sports bra that are keeping her massive melons confined.
They bounce out with an almost audible "boing," jiggling up and down.
Her face instantly glows red. I'm pretty sure she would have been too embarrassed to get them out herself, let alone have someone else do it.
Gah, this is one of those moments I really wish I could capture and play back over and over again.
It feels like my love for boobs has grown every single day since I came to this world.
This place is paradise!
Right, now it's time to get to, ahem, "business."
I start to wrap the measuring tape around those almost volleyball-sized boobs.
"O-Okay... Thank you..."
Even if they are the same gender, Milfa-chan's evidently embarrassed exposing herself in front of someone she looks up to so much.
Thinking about all the things I could get away with right now is making the cogs of my mind spin so fast they might break.
I put my arms around her to take the measurement, making care not to breathe down her neck like the horny pervert I am.
A sweet scent fills my nostrils.
Her breasts push back against my hands with such a delightful springiness.
"You've got such wonderful breasts, Milfa-chan."
"O-Oh no, I wouldn't say that... Ahn! Mmn..."
The scent grows even stronger as I put my face close to hers.
Peering over her shoulder, I realize now what it is—the milk leaking from her puffy pink nipples.
I can't believe a girl with such an innocent face is leaking milk from such a tiny touch. The contrast sends a fizzle of excitement through me.
"My, Minotaurs really do produce so much milk, don't they?"
According to the profile my Ero-Magic showed me, Milfa-chan's a Minotaur, a bull-headed monster from Greek myth and fantasy RPGs.
She doesn't look a thing like one I've ever encountered, though. I was surprised to find it out, in fact.
But you could certainly say there's something bovine about her. Namely that massive pair of udders on that tiny frame.
"Okay, I'm going to take the measurement. If I'm squeezing too tightly, just tell me."
I pull the tape tight.
Whoa! Th-They really are huge...
Trying to actually put a number on how big they are is really showing me how mountainous they are.
Not just in their massive heft, but in the stiffness of their protruding peaks too.
They almost seem small in comparison to the great expanses around them, but they're standing up proud and pink.
I'm really going to have to put some effort in to climb these mountains!
"Oh? I'm having some trouble properly getting the tape around..."
Feigning difficulty, I rub the tape against her nipples, and squeeze her boobs together with them.
"Ahn, ahhh! Mmn! Ahahhn!"
She lets out sweet little sounds as I tease her nipples. I think she might be enjoying this...
They're such cute little moans, too. I've certainly got a dirty little calf on my hands here!
"C-Catherine-senpai... Mmmnn! Ahn, hyahnn!"
She's so adorable that I feel the urge welling up inside me to tease her even more. I wonder why I get that impulse?
Pah, who cares why? All I know is, I'm giving in to it!
"I'm sorry... This is rather difficult. It's not, ahem... exciting you in any way, is it? That would be quite indecent in such a situation.  ♪"
"Hahh, hahhh... I-I'm sorry... Ahn, ahnn..."
I grind the tape against her a little harder, and feel her nipples strain against it even more.
"My, they've gotten so stiff... Tsk, I'm going to have to re-measure them now... ♪"
"Ahhn, I'm sorry! M-My nipples... They're quite sensitive, so... Hyahnn!"
She's squirming with pleasure, even though it's coming at the hands of her beloved upperclassman.
She has absolutely no idea that it's me taking on her form, though.
Her innocent face is glowing with embarrassment, and her body is quivering from our little display of girlish intimacy.
(Th-This is amazing!)
I'm the tiniest bit guilty to be tricking her like this, but how can I deny simple, innermost male desires? It's impossible, I swear.
"Tsk, then there's nothing else for it. So I don't have to keep measuring them, we'll just have to get your nipples as stiff as possible first. ♪"
I stretch and twist the tape, bouncing her boobs up and down and left and right.
"Ahahhnn! Mmn, ahhnnn... Hnngh, ahahhhn!"
Her nipples really must be sensitive. She can't even suppress her moans any more.
If I keep doing this, it won't be long before they're completely hard.
But just that isn't quite enough for me. Faced with a pair of boobs like this, I want to enjoy them in every possible way I can.
"Mmn... Th-This feels so strange... Ahhhnn!"
I start to slide the measuring tape all over her breasts, squishing it into her soft flesh and kneading it.
A hint of frustration flashes across Milfa-chan's face at the suddenly different sensation.
"It's not good for your breasts to play with them so harshly and so suddenly. We have to take this slowly."
"O-Okay... Mmn, ahnn... Mmn, hahh... Mngh, ahn..."
She obediently lets me gently tease her breasts all over..
Her face is flushed with shame, but she can't hide the pleasure she's feeling from having Catherine-sensei play with her.
"Good girl... I'm going to make you feel really good..."
I squeeze her breasts up and down, and squash them together in my hands.
They're like two huge, warm pillows.
The scent and thickness of her milk is incredible. I never expected the udders of a Minotaur to be like this!
"Just how much milk do you have in these, Milfa-chan? It's so warm, and it smells so sweet..."
"P-Please, don't say things like that... It's embarrassing. My face feels like it's on fire..."
"Oh, come on now. I'm just using a little dirty talk to ease this measuring along. ♪"
I gently place my lips to her ear, and give it a tiny blow.
"Hahhn... N-Not my ears... Ahn, I feel so limp... Mmn, ahnn!"
Her body starts to squirm and twitch delightfully in my arms as I tease her in both places at once.
"Is this another weak spot I've found? Your breasts are getting so warm and heavy, Milfa-chan. There's so much milk coming out."
My teasing words make her quiver even more.
"Ahhhn, ahnn... Mmn.. Mmnph, ahhn... Hahhn!"
Her sweet voice is growing a lustful lilt. Even an innocent girl can make these kind of sounds when they're this aroused, I suppose.
"It's alright, you can be honest with yourself. Just enjoy the sensations..."
I can feel her body growing hotter under the combined attack on her boobs and her ears.
But still, I sense something in her dreamy gaze that tells me she wants more.
"Is there something wrong, Milfa-chan?"
"U-Umm... I-I... I want... I want you to..."
She can't get out the words, but I can tell what she wants.
Her nipples are standing fully stiff and twitching, begging to be played with again.
I could easily turn my attentions to them... But just that wouldn't be enough to truly make her feel good.
"You know you can tell me what you want. If you don't, I won't know what to do, will I?"
She simply sways in my arms, face glowing red. I guess I shouldn't expect her to open up that easily.
But maybe with just a little more of a push...
"I told you, I want you to be honest with yourself. I need you to be to make you feel good. So please, tell me what you want?"
"I-I... M-My nipples... I-I want you to play with... W-With my nipples, like you did before..."
I waste no time in responding to her adorably shamefaced pleading by tightening the tape hard around her.
And when I start to rub it against her nipples, it's with even more force than ever before.
"Ahahhhnnn! Mmn, ahn... Mmn, ahahhnn!"
Her body writhes and jerks like every touch is sending bolts of electricity through it.
"Ahhhhn, yes! I-It feels so good! Mmn, ahnn, this is what I wanted... Ahahhhn!"
I can feel her resistance and embarrassment slowly slipping away as she her skin grows hotter and hotter.
"You're such a good girl for being so honest with me. Now I'll be able to give you the best measurement I can."
Her areolae are swollen with heat, and her expression is swimming with lust.
If I was in my normal body right now, it's the expression that would have pushed me to the point of bursting.
I have one more trick up my sleeve, however. I pull the tape measure so tight its ends cross, squishing her breasts and her nipples together.
"Ahnn, ahahhhn! Ahnn, mmmn, MMMNNNGGHH!"
Her back arches and her body quakes as the pleasure washes over her.
"My, they have gotten rather stiff. Hmm, I think we might just be ready to measure."
Hahh, hahhh... P-Please, go ahead, Catherine-senpai...
She sways in my arms, breathing hot, ragged breaths as I take her bust size.
"There we go. Now, of course, we can't forget to measure these too..."
Keeping the tape tight, I reach my hand over to pinch one of her nipples.
"Hyahhhn! Y-You don't need to measure— Ahhhn, mmn!"
"Pssh, of course I do. Especially when they've gotten so perfectly stiff and puffy like this."
I press down on her areola and use the end of the tape to measure her nipple. Both the number and the feeling give me a giddy little thrill.
I can tell just how stiff and springy it is through the tape. It's standing up like an antenna broadcasting just how good she's feeling.
"Ahahhhn! Mn, ahn... Mmn, ahhhnnn!"
Hearing her give such a sweet moan from the slightest touch makes my body throb with arousal.
"My my, they really have gotten so big... You're raising the average of the whole school. I would never imagine these were a first-year's."
God really has blessed her with a pair of the ripest melons I've ever seen. I can't miss this chance to have a little taste of them.
"Okay, next, I'm going to just check you with my stethoscope."
I cast my Ero-Magic on the stethoscope on the table, and bring it up to her nipples.
"Huh— Ahhn!"
As the metal of the device touches her, she lets out a little squeak and quivers like a tiny animal.
At that moment, I use my magic to link the scope to my mouth, and feel the sensation against it.
Whoa!
It feels just like her breast is against my lips. I start to gently kiss the soft, warm skin I feel.
It's damp with milk. I suck a little up, and the sweet taste spreads through my mouth.
This feeling, this taste... They're amazing! This is why I love big, lactating boobs!
"Ahh... Ahn! Mmn... Mmn, ahhhn... Ahn!"
Milfa-chan seems confused by the strange sensation, but her arousal is still such that she moans at my touch.
I press the scope to different parts of her breasts.
Which is to say, I kiss them all over.
Needless to mention, I'm going almost crazy with lust by now.
"Hmm, how about here next."
I place the scope to her stiff nipple, and stick my tongue out to flick around its tip.
"Ahn! Wh-What is this feeling!? What's licking me? Ahnn, mm... Ahn!"
The sudden warmth naturally takes her by surprise.
"Oh, sorry about that. This is a special stethoscope for measuring magical power. It seems like yours is focused in your nipples, Milfa-chan."
"It might feel a little strange, but I'm sure you can handle it. ♪"
She buys my offhanded explanation completely, and simply allows me to tease her nipples as I want.
Ahh, she's such a nice girl, if a little gullible. Well, if she's going to let me, I may as well have my fill!
"Ahhhn! Mmn, ahhn... Mmn... Hngh! Ahahhnn!"
I stick out my tongue as far as I can and roughly lick and slurp at her nipples.
I roll it around on my tongue, and tease the outline of her swollen areola.
Then I start to lap up her overflowing milk like a thirsty dog.
"Ahhn, what's going on? I-It feels like you're licking up my— Ahnn! I-It feels kind of good... Ahahhnnn!"
"My, a stethoscope is making you horny? You are a dirty girl, Milfa-chan... Hehe ♪"
"Ahhn! Ahnn... Mmnph, ahnn... Ahhn!"
Something like a flash of happiness crosses her face as I purr into her ear, and her body squirms in my arms.
"Hyahhhn! N-Now it's biting them... Ahahnn, AHHN!"
I nip at the tip of her nipple, and she lets out a louder, more carnal moan than I would have ever expected from her.
Her body quivers, and streams of hot milk spurt out of her.
Lapping it up, I give her another, stronger bite.
"Hyahhn! Ahn, there's something hard biting them... It hurts, but... Ahn, ahahn, hyahhhnnnn!"
"Oh? You're not actually enjoying the pain, are you?"
"N-No, that's... Umm... Hnngh! Ahhhn!"
I press the stethoscope hard against her nipples and swirl my tongue, and her mumbling is abruptly cut off. Breathing raggedly, she nods.
"I-I am... It's making my body feel so hot, and I'm tingling all over... Ahhhnn!"
Hearing the sensual lilt in her moans makes the mischievous little sadistic part of my mind prick up.
"Tsk, you really are a shameless girl... That must be why you have a pair of perverted breasts like these. ♪ "
I nip again at her stiff pink buds.
"Ahhhn! Th-This feeling, it's... It's so good! Ahhn, more... Mmn, ahhnn!"
She starts to plead for more, her masochistic instincts seemingly unleashed.
I bite down on her nipple hard enough to leave a mark, and suck strongly away at it.
"MMMMNNN! Ahhn, yes! Please, Catherine-senpai, more! Use your stethoscope on me more! Mmmn, hyahhhn!"
"My, I've never seen a girl get so turned on from a simple physical... You really are a dirty, horny little cow, aren't you? ♪"
My words have an obvious effect on her. Milk spurts out of her nipples in increasingly thick jets.
"Ahhn, ahahhnn! Ahn, ahhn, mmn! Hnngh!"
She's putty in my hands now. I could carry on with this for a long time... But a girl this masochistic is going to need more than this!
"HYAHHHN! My breasts, ahn, it's chewing on them! Ahahhn! I-It feels so weird... It's so good! I've never felt this before...Mmn, hahhhnn!"
I suck in her swollen areola and bite down on the entirety of her nipple, sucking it in and pulling on her breast with it.
"Ahahhn! Mmn, ahhhnn! Hahhn, ahahhn!"
I ruthlessly and roughly tease her nipple, watching her expression change from pain to ecstasy as she feels new sensation after new sensation.
"Ahahhhnnn! Mmn, ahnn! Mmn, AHAHHHN!"
I flick my tongue around the tip of her nipple, licking up the increasingly thick streams of milk.
It's growing sweeter and sweeter, its strength telling me just how aroused Milfa-chan is.
"Hehe, you're leaking so much milk... Your breasts are soaked in it."
I slide the stethoscopes across her skin, lapping up the sweetness.
"Ahahhnnn! It's so warm, and slippery... It feels so perverted, but, but... Mmn, hyahhhnnn!"
"It feels good, doesn't it? Still... I know where you like it best. Here, right?"
I slide the stethoscope up to nibble eagerly at her nipples again.
"Ahn! Mmnph! Ahahhn! Hyahhnnnn!"
Of course a masochist with a pair of boobs so full of milk would like these played with the most.
Just nipping at them makes her body twitch and buck, and she lets out moans so shameless that even I'm surprised.
Surprised, but even more determined to make her writhe in pleasure!
"Ahhhnn! Mmn, ahhn! Hnngh, ahahhn!"
They have a pleasantly different feel between my lips as to between my fingers. I want to play with them in any way I can.
I don't just want to bite them. I start to take them between my teeth and grind them from side to side.
"Ahhhhhnn! C-Catherine-senpai! Ahhn, I-I feel weird... Mmmn, ahahhn!"
Her body starts to shiver in an entirely more fierce way than before. I can tell she's on the brink of losing control.
"Oh, weird how? My, I have no idea what you're saying, dear Milfa-chan."
Even as I say this, I'm relentlessly flicking over and nibbling her nipples. She shakes her head wildly and her body tenses and shakes.
"Ahhhn, no! No, I'm... I'm cummingggg! AHHNNNN!"
"Ahahhhn! Mmnph, ahhnnnn... Mmmnnnn!"
Her loud moan reverberates through the room, and the magic meter linked to the stethoscope almost explodes as it fills with her pleasure.
"Hahh, hahhh... Ahh, I came... Mmn, hahhn..."
She slumps into my arms, still twitching and panting shamelessly as the aftershocks hit her.
Her expression is swimming with bliss. Cumming in front of her beloved upperclassman seems to have made her orgasm even more intense.
"Oh, you really are cute, Milfa-chan. ♪ You know it's not normal for a young lady to get this turned on by a simple physical, right?"
"Hahh, hahhh... B-But the stethoscope made me feel so good... I never knew a physical could feel like this..."
Even now her body is still twitching cutely. The look of embarrassment on her face is absolutely adorable.
If I was in my normal body, I would have fucked her silly and left her writhing on the floor by now.
"Oh my... You're leaking out so much milk. Did it really feel that good? Hehe, you're so, so cute..."
"Please, d-don't say that... It's embarrassing being like this. I feel like a pervert..."
"Embarrassing? That's not what it looks like to me. Your face is telling me you're really enjoying this, you dirty little masochist. ♪"
"Ahhn! Mmn, ahhhn! Ahahhhn!"
I breathe onto her ear, and she lets out a squeal and quivers.
"Oh yes, I noticed this during the physical, but it seems like your breast milk is full of magical energy."
"That's why the stethoscope has to drink it to properly measure you."
"Hahh, hahhh... Are you going to...?"
She looks at the stethoscope intently, with a glint of anticipation in her eye.
"Seems like I don't need to tell you what's about to happen. Well, let us begin."
I press the stethoscope to her nipples again, and open my mouth as wide as possible.
"Ahhhn! Mmn! It's really sucking on them... Ahhn, wh-what is this feeling!? No, don't drink my milk... Mmn, hyahhhn!"
I take her entire areola into her mouth, and a great flood of milk fills my mouth and runs down my throat.
"Ahhhn! Mmmn, ahhhnnn... Ahahhn!"
I greedily suck on her like a baby, feeling her body squirm in my arms.
The sweet flavor warms up my entire body. I almost feel drunk on it.
"Ahhhn... Mmn, ahahnn... Ahn!"
I flick my tongue out to tease her nipples.
They're so sensitive that they twitch with every touch, as if begging for more stimulation.
Of course, I'm glad to oblige. I want to make her feel as good as I possibly can!
"Hyahhhnn! I-If you bite so hard— Ahnn! I-It'll leave a mark... Mmn, ahhnnn!"
Her nipples are so sensitive after having cum once that nibbling on them makes her body tense and her back arch.
"Ahnn! Ahhnnn... Ahn, mmnn...! Hnnngh!"
Milk shoots down the back of my throat as if fired from a water gun.
It seems to grow sweeter and sweet the more aroused she becomes, and I suck it down ravenously.
"Ahhhn! The stethoscope is sucking on me! It's doing it so hard... Ahhn, mmn, hnnghh!"
She lets out a wild scream as I gulp down her milk.
I have to wonder what she'd think if she knew a guy she just met was drinking from her boobs...
"Ahhhn! Mmn, ahhhn!"
I pull on her breasts as I suck, watching them stretch and squish deliciously before me.
Milfa-chan quivers and squirms more and more as I tease her huge mounds.
"Ahahnn! Mmmnph, ahhnnn! Hyahhnnnn!"
The sensation is only made more intense by my mouth stimulating both of her nipples at the same time.
I could never suck both of them like this at the same time without my Ero-Magic.
I push the stethoscope as hard as I can against her breasts, gulping down mouthful after mouthful so greedily I hardly even breathe.
"My, your magical power is growing the more aroused you get. Let out all of the milk you want, Milfa-chan."
"O-Okay... Wh-When it's sucking on me like this, the milk just won't stop coming out... Ahhn! Mmn, hyahhhn!"
The seemingly-endless flow of milk coats my throat and fills my stomach.
But no matter how much I drink, her body just wants to let out more and more.
"Ahhhn! Mmn, ahhhn! Hahhn... Ahahhnnn!"
I gulp down every drop she wants me to, pulling on her boobs in every direction as I suck.
"Mmmnngh! This feels so good! Having my breasts played with feels amazing! Ahnn, hahhhhnnn!"
Her body jerks and bucks with every movement of my tongue. She falls back against me, hardly able to stand because of the shaking of her knees.
I suck on her breasts so hard that I'm almost pulling her up by that alone.
 Heh... You look so cute when you're in the throes of pleasure, Milfa-chan. Your moans are so utterly lascivious too. ♪"
"Ahhhn! Catherine-senpai, nooo... Don't look at me like this! Ahhn, mmn, mnnph!"
"But it feels good when I do, doesn't it? It's so obvious. You love it, don't you?"
I press the stethoscope so hard into her breasts that it sinks into her soft flesh.
As I do, I suck strongly on her nipple.
"Ahhnn! I-If you do that do hard, I-I'll... Hahhn!"
Her body quivers even more intensely than before.
"Oh? You'll what? You have me all curious how... Hehe! ♪"
"Ahn, noo! Hyahhn! Please, Catherine-senpai... Haahhhnn!"
I mercilessly tease her breasts even as she begs me to stop.
She seems to be nearing her limit, as she's quivering all over.
"Hehe, I'm not stopping now. ♪ Show me just how cute you can be, Milfa-chan."
The cuter she gets, the more I want to play with her. I can't hold back any more.
"Ahhn, no! I-I'm cumming! Hahhhn, mmmnph, I'm cumminnngggg! Hahhhnn!"
"Hyahhhnnn! All my milk's spilling out! My breasts feel so hot! Hnnnhgh!"
Her body shakes as an orgasm even more intense than before surges through her.
She lets out a moan so loud it reverberates through my skull.
"Hahhhhn! Ahnnn, AHAHHNNN!"
Her boobs gush with milk. filling up and overflowing out of my mouth.
"Wow, there's so much milk... If you cover the stethoscope in so much magical milk, you might break it."
I gulp it down, hungrily sucking on her nipple.
"Ahhhhn! I-If you suck on me now, I'll— hahhn, the milk just won't stop! Mmmn, ahahhhnnn!"
The sensation of it pouring down my throat is driving me almost as crazy as her.
I suck greedily on her boobs like a little baby.
"Ahhhhn! I-It feels so good! More! More! Mmmnnn!"
"Hahhh... You really are cute when you're cumming, Milfa-chan... Hahh, hahhh..."
My throat is filled with hot sweetness.
I can feel it spreading through my entire body.
"Ahhhn! Mmn, ahhhnn... Mmmnph, ahahhhn!"
The more I suck, the more pours out. It's so delicious that I want to squeeze out every drop.
"Mmn, the stethoscope just won't stop... Ahn, you're so greedy! Ahahhn!"
I suppose I am, but how can I hold back now!?
Sucking relentlessly on her breasts is sending my libido into overdrive.
"Hahh, hahhh... I came so much... It's so embarrassing, doing this in a physical..."
I can hardly believe she came so hard just from having her boobs played with.
I wonder how sensitive her pussy is too?
I want to bend her over and stick my huge, throbbing...
Hang on a second—I'm in Catherine-senpai's body right now! I don't have anything down there to work with!
Damn this sexy body!
The cock in my heart is fully erect, but my physical cock is nowhere to be found. How to I have sex now!?
"What do I do...?"
"Umm, what's wrong, Catherine-senpai?"
"Err, it's, umm, nothing... Heh..."
Please, my Ero-Magic, if you have anything up your sleeve, give it to me now! Give something to quell my lust!
Milfa-chan looks at me in confusion as I'm left with my non-existent cock aching for release.
