炎厨矢
英玲奈
"Spirits bound by witch's hire, protect me with your divine fire. Heed my orders and take aim, smite my enemies with your flame!"
As Erena ends her incantation, a magic circle illuminates the dungeon walls, turning them a sunset orange color.
At the same time, the swarms of ghosts in front of me disappear in a flashing beam of light.
"Whoaaaaaa..."
"Who do those damned ghosts think they are, getting in my way like that?"
"Amazing! As expected of Erena-san, you turned your enemies to ash in an instant. But I do feel a little bad for them..."
"Are you stupid? They may have looked like girls, but those ghosts were monsters."
"But even those ghosts must have had bangin' bodies back in the day. ♪ Especially those boobs! They must have been H cups... Ah!"
"That's fine by me. If you want, I can send you to the 'other side' to meet a cute ghost girl with huge breasts right now."
Erena-san raises her finger and laughs while drawing out a blue flame like St. Elmo's fire, showing me sparking plasma.
"Look over there, a treasure chest! I wonder if it dropped from those ghosts!?"
Avoiding the topic at hand, I run toward the treasure chest.
(Oh? This feeling... An Ero-Magic Skill!)
(I wonder what this is? "Boob Witch! Ero-Magic for a Binding Boobjob Trap"?)
W-Wow...! It sounds like the working title of a porno, but it's tugging on my cockstrings!
Perfect timing! I've been horny from staring at Erena's boobs this whole time.
Just imagining Erena's embarrassed expression in a Boobjob Trap excites even the cells of my cock.
(Come hither! Fall into my Ero-Magic trap!)
"This will be my small token of thanks to you, Takumi-kun. You may open the treasure chest first."
"Don't smile so widely while making your childhood friend into a human sacrifice! Are you trying to make me step on a landmine?"
This cute, dignified witch and childhood friend of mine tries to suddenly gift me with this mysterious treasure chest.
"Haha... Just kidding. ♪ I defeated those ghosts, so I'll go first."
"Dispel magic! Trap-be-gone! Item scour! Protection power!"
"Wait... Just how careful do you have to be?"
Erena takes extreme caution opening the chest, making sure to dispel any traps and to cast both appraisal and defense magic.
"Haha, that was a piece of cake! ♪ Huh? What?"
A dazzling light floods out of the open treasure chest, and my field of vision goes white.
