オルガ
炎厨矢
"I will not allow myself to be beaten by a spineless pervert such as yourself!"
"I'm sorry for seeing you naked before! Please don't kill me!"
"Don't even bother!"
Damn... She's so angry about me seeing her naked before that she wants to fight again...
Though I'd rather just stand here and stare at her jiggling breasts!
But Olga brings me a longsword, giving me no time for such pleasures. Damn, this thing is heavy!
All I'm used to holding is a smartphone... There's no way I can swing this stick of steel around!
"Oh come on... That business in the bath before was an accident! Why me!? Surely you have more worthy enemies to slay!"
Olga says something in response, but I can't hear it over the sound of our swords clashing.
"Gah! Did you... say something?"
"I said that I want to... train you!"
With her sword down like that, Olga looks less like a warrior and more like a cute girl eyeing me up.
"%i1Train%r me, you say?"
Olga-san looks at me astonished by my apparent misinterpretation of her words.
Realizing what I was shamelessly inferring, Olga stiffens in embarrassment.
"I mean %i1train%r you with the sword!"
"Hah, right!? ♪ Oopsie!"
Olga again brandishes her sword at me as if to discipline my impertinence.
But I can't help but be infatuated by her skimpy armor... It'll likely be the death of me!
As I desperately attempt to avoid being split in two, a new Ero-Magic blesses my subconscious.
The "Novice Wizard" Ero-Magic skill...
Well, I'd say I'm a novice wizard of sorts already, but can this skill save me here!?
I doubt I'll get another chance if I die here!
I chant the skill like I'm grasping at straws in this impossible situation.
"I'm coming for you, Takumi! Hyahh! O' holy spirits of light, bless my Ero-Sword! Holy Bunker Buster!"
"Anytime now, Ero-Magic...! Please!!"
I feel my consciousness fade away as I'm bathed in light.
As the light envelops my very existence, I begin to think I should have acted more modestly in my new home.
"H-Hey! A-Are you okay!?"
"An angel...? Am I dead...? No, I feel very much alive... Come on, at least give me a fighting chance!"
Her boobs bounce as she affords me a slight nod as if apologizing for her prior rage.
"I am sorry... Are you hurt? As a knight, it should be my duty to protect a useless wizard such as yourself..."
It's a bit late for that, I'd say!
"You should not have to bow to my training purely because I have beaten you before. That is not knightly."
As much as I want to refute her victory in our last battle, I swallow my pride and humor Olga's humility.
"Don't worry about it. I would have been fine if I had the right magic skills. It's my fault for being a poor wizard."
So far, I've only used Ero-Magic to get the upper hand over Olga. Maybe I should buy her some flowers!
"My first impression of you was that you were an unforgivable pervert, but I suppose you do have some redeeming qualities."
A masochistic knight, huh? But I bet she'll pretend to protest when we get down to business.
"I'm just a lowly novice wizard... Anyway, you're sweeter than I thought you were."
Heh... This is getting a little too touchy-feely for my liking.
Hopefully, it'll lead to something more... %i1physical%r...
"W-W-Wait... W-Watch your tongue! This is no time to jest!"
"Anyway, I doubt there is anything I can do, but I would like to make amends."
Hmm, and how will she %i1make amends%r, I wonder?
However, whether she's detected my ulterior motives or not, she remains silent.
"Actually, I am a little thirsty. Some water would be great."
"Water... Okay."
Olga pours water from a jug into a cup.
I wasn't actually thirsty. I just wanted to gaze at her breasts as I drank from the cup (which worked like a charm).
"Thanks. You can just put the cup on the side... Huh!?"
"Mwah... Mmmngh, nnh... Hnngh, mmmn, mwah..."
I was cut off mid-sentence by the soft embrace of Olga's lips.
She then proceeds to transfer the water she held in her mouth to mine.
"Mmmngh... Mwah, nngh... Mmmn, mmmngh..."
Just as I managed to swallow the water that invaded my mouth, Olga follows up her attack with her soft, cold tongue.
"Mmngh, nnh..."
The unyielding Olga doing something so sensual makes my juices begin to flow.
This is no doubt the Ero-Magic's handiwork, but this kiss is AMAZING!
"How was the water? Was it good?"
"P-Pretty good."
Fully aware that this experience is courtesy of the Ero-Magic, I unwittingly voice an excited response.
The magic does not change the fact that this is still real.
Olga puts on a bashful expression, her breasts a rosy pink under her super-seductive uniform.
She can't go telling me I'm the pervert now!
"I'd actually like some more, if you wouldn't mind."
I blurt out the first thing that comes to mind. I can't get enough of her awesome softness!
"A-Ah... Very well."
Olga gives the biggest smile I've seen her with all day as she pours more water into the cup.
She takes a sip, closes her eyes, and sits next to me on the bed, suggestively pushing her breasts against me.
"Mmmngh, mmmngh... Nnnh, hnng... Ahm, mlln, mmmngh..."
Olga's sweet, feminine scent graces my nose as we kiss passionately.
In stark contrast to her usually stern character, her scent is that of a sweet, elegant rose, putting me in a dreamy haze.
I'd never have imagined she'd smell this good...
That and the soft touch of her lips overwhelms me with arousing excitement.
Besides, these boobs that are attacking me are absolutely divine!
"Mmmngh, mwahh... Nnghh, mwah, mlln... Haaah, haaah..."
My hands have a mind of their own and begin groping Olga's boobs over her uniform.
I imagined her entire body would be rock hard with muscles, but she is soft as an angel.
How can she swing that huge sword around and still be so soft and supple!?
"Aaah, aaahn... Nnh, aaah, aaahn!"
I grasp her youthfully soft breasts to my heart's content as our breathing becomes hot and heavy.
Our lips clash in blissful ecstasy as her tongue wraps tightly around mine in response to my groping.
I scour Olga's voluptuous breasts with my fingertips in search of her nipples and shift my focus on attacking them.
"Nnnh, aaah... Nnngh, haaah... Aaah, hyaaahn!"
Damn, I've never felt such soft nipples before! My sadistic desires intensify.
The urge to have my way with them rises within me.
I bite one nipple with my teeth for increased stimulation.
"Aaah! Aaahn... N-No... biting... Haaah, aaahn... Aaahn!"
"They're so big, something might come out of them! Ahmm, nom nom!"
They feel like big gummy bears between my teeth as I expect something to seep through her clothes.
I nibble away like a baby in the hope that something will come out.
"You're nibbling... over my clothes, haaah... Naughty baby... Nnh, haaah!"
"Well, it doesn't seem like you want this naughty baby to stop! Mmmngh... Ahm, nnh..."
Olga's cheeks blush as rosy pink as her scent in blatant admission.
Her uniform over her breasts is now drenched with my saliva.
"Aaah... Ahm, mwah... Nnnh, nngh..."
Her sweet pheromones add to the rosy smell of her skin, instantly causing a shockwave of arousal throughout my body.
"Aaahn, haaahn... You're biting, aaahn... So hard, haaahn... It feels... Aaaaaahn!"
Her nipples now clearly visible beneath her clothes, Olga seems more than ready to turn up the heat.
While it'd likely feel much better without any clothes at all, she already has a conflictedly embarrassed expression.
That expression, her youthful breasts and gummy bear-like nipples all make my crotch painfully hard.
I nibble hard at her seductively elastic nipples while pulling at them with my top teeth.
"Aaaaaah... Yaaahn... Nnnh, aaah, aaah, aaahn... Nnn, aaahh!"
Olga gives out a high-pitched shriek as her body trembles with pleasure.
She unknowingly pushes her breasts into my face, inadvertently giving her hot body to me.
"Haaah, haaah... You... You made me cum!"
Olga embarrassingly accuses me as she rubs her sexy thighs together beneath her miniskirt.
But beneath the embarrassment I can sense an aura of joy around her.
"Are your panties soaking wet now? I'll help you change out of them if you like."
I make a sadistic proposition as Olga fidgets bashfully.
"Stop enticing me with your shameless desires... Haaah, haaah..."
She says that, but she's clearly unable to hide the excitement in her face.
"B-But your help would be... appreciated... Haaah, haaah..."
"Ah, so you would like my help? ♪"
Oh Ero-Magic, I owe ya!
Before she has the time to answer, I guide her to the nurse's office bed and take off her soaking wet panties.
"Wow... I've always wondered what a female warrior's pussy looks like. No wonder your panties were soaked!"
"Ah! Please... Forgive me... Nyaaah... Aaahn..."
Olga wriggles in shame as she makes a blatant effort to get me to do more naughty things to her.
After helping this masochistic female knight take off her panties, I use my cock as a plug to prevent any further leakage.
As such, this day's events prove to bring us a little closer together, enabling us to patch up our rocky relationship.
