エレン
エレン先生
炎厨矢
"I'm so, so sorry, Takumi-kun. You've ended up so cu— Ahem, so small, and it's all my fault."
Ellen-sensei bows frantically in apology, her boobs jiggling up and down as she does.
She's got a good reason to apologize, too, given what she's done to me.
A few moments ago we bumped into each other in the corridor, and she ended up spilling a magic potion all over me.
And that's why I now find myself standing here, shrunken down, and looking half my age. This must be what Brad Pitt felt like in that movie about the reverse-aging guy.
It seems like people from my world and giant chameleon extract don't go too well together.
Looking at myself in the mirror, it's like looking into the past.
For a moment, I consider the possibility that my Ero-Magic might have caused her to bump into me, but I'm probably overthinking it.
"It should wear off in a few hours, so we'll just have to wait... You really are cute like that, though. I could just eat you up. ♪"
As apologetic as her expression is, she's visibly excited staring at my youthful form.
She's not alone in liking what she sees either—she's having to bend over to look at me properly, which means those huge boobs are dangling right in front of my face.
(Wow... Being little does have some advantages.)
Dammit, I can't resist. I throw my arms around her and bury my face in those massive mammaries.
"Ahn! H-Hey, Takumi-kun, what are you— Ahn, stop!"
I start to roughly fondle them, aiming an attack directly at her perverted— Ahem, I mean, motherly instincts.
"Ellen-sensei, I want to suck on your boobies! My mommy died when I was a little boy, so I've never been spoiled like that..."
...Okay, that might be a little white lie that popped into my head when I saw those boobs jiggling around, but can you really blame me in this situation?
"W-We can't do that... Even if you've turned all cute, you're still the same age, and my student..."
"Awww... Really? Really really?"
"Ahnn!"
"D-Don't give me those puppy dog eyes... I won't be able to resist..."
She's visibly quaking, trying to restrain herself from pouncing on me like a cougar.
"Please, Ellen-sensei... Pretty please?"
"H-Hey, stop it... If you keep acting so cute, I-I'll... Ahnn!"
Babbling almost incoherently, she squishes my face into the marshmallowy heaven of her cleavage.
