リディア
炎厨矢
"Are you nervous, Lydia-chan?"
She's changed from her school uniform into her true succubus form. I gently take her by the shoulder and pull her close to me.
"I-I am... B-But I'm putting my faith in you. So p-please..."
She closes her eyes and stands waiting.
"Here we go... Mwah!"
I bring my face close to hers, and gently touch my lips to hers for just an instant.
"That was just a light one."
It's the kind of kiss you'd give to a friend or a family member. Even a little kid can do that.
And yet, Lydia-chan's face is turning as red as a tomato.
"Mmn... I-I'm really kissing Takumi-senpai... That was really a kiss... Hehehe!"
Her innocent reaction makes my heart skip a beat.
"..."
I'm suddenly filled with genuine happiness at having been the one to take her first kiss.
"Okay, I'll need you to stick out your lips a little for the next one."
Her eyes still closed, she does as I say.
I come in close again, and press my own lips just a little more firmly to hers.
While a little harder, it's still only the kind of kiss lovers would share casually.
"Mmn! Mwah, mmn... Mwah..."
Every time our lips touch, she lets out a sweet little breath. She's still quite tense.
"Next up is a nuzzle."
I place my hand on her cheek, and then lightly rub the tip of my nose against hers.
"S-So this is a kind of kiss too..."
The feeling of her tiny breaths tickling my top lip sends tingles down my spine.
I open my eyes just slightly, and find myself staring at Lydia-chan as she does the same. We both blush.
I've never done this kind of kiss either, to be honest, but my Ero-Magic is giving me a whole lip-tany of different types to choose from.
"So, err... How are you liking kissing so far?"
"U-Umm... My heart is racing. It's embarrassing, but it feels really good..."
Her eyes are already swimming, and her breath is just ever so slightly ragged. She's incredibly sexy like this...
But what's even more sexy, is the incredible cleavage that her outfit's showing off.
It feels like she's giving off sweet, milky pheromones from every pore.
(She really is a succubus after all. That outfit is a fastball straight into my strike zone!)
"U-Umm... Could you teach me some more?"
"You got it. Sorry, it just felt so good that I got distracted for a second there."
I can sense she's already craving more. I press my lips to hers again and again.
"Mmn! Mwah! Mwah, mmn, mwah!"
Our kisses gradually grow fiercer and fiercer, and Lydia-chan starts to give out the sweetest of moans.
After a moment...
"Whoa!?"
I think we might have got a little too vigorous. Her skimpy outfit has slipped, and her boobs are on full display!
"Huh? Wahh! Y-You can see my breasts... Th-This is so embarrassing..."
Despite that, she makes absolutely no attempt to cover them up.
Her areolae are so adorably pink and puffy, I can't take my eyes off of them.
I could almost see them before, their edges peeking out from under the fabric, but completely exposed they're something else.
"Wow..."
They're so big and round... On top of that, her inverted nipples suit her personality so perfectly.
Naturally, seeing them makes my thoughts inevitably take a turn from simply giving her a kissing lesson, to something much more lascivious.
"Now, let's continue... Mmn!"
I press my lips to hers, and keep them there for a small eternity.
I apply just enough pressure to feel her heat radiate through me.
"Mmn... Mmm, mmmn... Mmnph!"
Lydia-chan isn't used to this kind of thing, however. She's struggling to breathe through her nose, and soon she's audibly uncomfortable.
"Okay, I think we'll move onto the next level. This time, you'll need to open your mouth a little."
I slide my lips against hers ticklishly. Lydia-chan hardly moves at all herself.
"You should try copying the same kind of thing I'm doing."
"Oh-Ohkay... Like thish? Mmn, mwah... Mwah, hahhn...!"
It's awkward, but she does her best to mirror my movements. It's cute, like a little chick copying its mother.
"I'm going to try biting your bottom lip just a tiny bit... Mmn!"
I nip at her as we kiss, and after a little hesitation, she starts to return in kind.
"Okay, next up..."
I kiss her in such a way that it feels like I'm eating her lips with mine.
She quivers under the force of the slightly more powerful smooch.
I stick out my tongue to gently trace it across her lips, and she lets out tiny little moans as I do.
"Do you want to try it too?"
"Mmmmnnph! Mwah... Mmn, mwah! *slurp*... Mwahh!"
The sight of her diligently moving her lips and tongue is so adorable that I can hardly control myself.
(Is this the erotic power of a succubus? Or am I just a naturally horny bastard?)
It's almost like I could jizz in my pants if I don't hold myself back.
I can't do that when I'm trying to teach her to kiss, though. Control yourself, Takumi!
(It's her first kiss, and she's trying so hard... It doesn't matter how sexy she is, or how incredible her boobs are, I need to hold back!)
It takes me a couple of seconds to realize that I actually have my face buried in her bust, kissing her swollen areolae already.
"Hahhhn! D-Don't kiss my boobs, Takumi-senpai! Ahhhhn!"
Her body jerks and bucks at the strange sensation.
Even if she is a succubus, this is an entirely new situation for her. Her innocent reactions are adorable, though.
"Kisses aren't just for the lips and the cheeks, you know."
I press my lips to her boobs as if to trying to blow away her doubts.
Within a few moments, her breasts are squirting like a broken nozzle at a succubus milk bar.
"Ahhn! Y-You're sucking on them like a little baby... Ahahhn!"
I slurp down her sweet and surprisingly thick milk without restraint.
The taste fills my mouth and nose to such an extent that I can't stop myself.
"Ahahhn, n-no... If you lick my nipples so much, I'll... Hahnn!"
She squeezes and rubs her milky-white thighs together as she tries to resist my relentless teasing.
The way she's fidgeting is so adorable that I can't help but feel a sadistic little thrill. Men are such cruel creatures!
I flick my tongue across her inverted nipples, and around her swollen areolae.
I suck on them with all of my strength.
I use every little perverted trick I know to make her fidget and squirm.
"Ahhhn! Ahahhn, mmn...!"
The fresh sensation makes her writhe in my arms.
The room is swimming with her womanly pheromones, driving me crazy with lust.
"Your milk is so delicious, Lydia-chan..."
I nibble on her stiffening nipples just like I did on her lips.
"Mmmnph, ahahhhn! Ah-ahnn, I feel weird! Hahhhn!"
She lets out a high, mellifluous cry, and her body bucks and jolts.
A torrent of milk so thick it almost suffocates me streams into my throat.
"Hmm, did you, by any chance, just cum, Lydia-chan?"
I let her still-leaking boobs fall into my hands. Her expression is absolutely swimming with the aftershocks of pleasure.
"I-I don't know... W-Was that an orgasm? I suddenly felt so hot... And it felt so good..."
She really did just cum from her nipples being played with... She really will be a fun one to tease!
It makes my heart leap just a little to know a succubus is so innocent, though.
"Well, looks like I'm going to have to teach you properly about your body, then."
I press my lips to Lydia-chan's. She quivers under the power of a kiss just after her very first orgasm.
"Mmmngh! Mnmh, mwah! K-Kiss me more, Takumi-senpai! Hahhn, mwah!"
I press my lips against her skin as if trying to taste every inch of her.
(Seems like she's getting into this... Well, this is my time to shine!)
I realize that I've been neglecting her lips a little...
So I thrust mine against hers!
"Mmmmn! Mwah! Mmnph, *slurp*!"
I force my tongue deep into her mouth in a powerful French kiss.
She's startled at first, but quickly starts to copy me, and entwines her tongue with mine.
Despite her lack of experience, her movements are so erotic that I can sense her succubus talents.
As I kiss her, I tweak her nipples even harder.
(Her boobs would be amazing enough if they were just big, but they're so sensitive too. They're perfect!)
Her nipples are as bouncy and elastic as fruit gums.
Every time I play with them, fresh squirts of milk splash against my hands.
"Mmmn, mwah! Mmmph, *lick*!"
Having her nipples teased makes her swirl her tongue around mine even more hungrily.
Our saliva mixes together with wet, sloppy sounds.
(Dammit, at this rate she's going to take control. Not that it wouldn't be fun, but I'm supposed to be teaching her!)
I push my tongue deeper into her mouth, and Lydia-chan entwines hers with it as if asking for even more.
(Don't you worry, there's plenty where that came from!)
We kiss each other deeply, not even caring about the drool dripping from our mouths.
Her body twitches happily as she drinks it down.
(Is this a part of her natural succubus instincts? She's quivering just like she did before...)
"Mwah, mmnph... T-Takumi-senpai, I... Mmmnnn!"
She squirms and writhes again as another orgasm hits her.
She already came from her nipples, and now she just came from kissing...
"Hahh, hahhh... I-I came again..."
She slowly pulls her lips away from mine, breathing heavily.
"You really are sensitive, if you can cum from just a kiss."
"I-I suppose I am. I've never swapped spit with a man before. My body got so hot..."
(Hmm, maybe that is a quirk of her being a succubus?)
Her expression is getting more and more erotic. Takumi Junior is threatening to break my zipper right now.
"Your kissing is already fantastic. You'll be an expert in no time."
"R-Really? That's great. It's all thanks to you!"
"Oh, not at all, it's because you're trying so hard. You deserve a reward, in fact."
"Huh? What are you— Ahhn!"
I move behind her, and pull down my zipper. I press my throbbing shaft against her slit.
"U-Umm, is that...?"
She trembles as she looks at my cock, but it seems like it's setting off her succubus instincts. She can't stop staring hungrily at it.
"Your kisses feel so good; look how excited you made me."
I rub my entire length across her pussy lips, letting her feel how big I've become.
"Mmngh... Your cock is so hot... Hahhn!"
Her slit is already soaking wet, and her entrance is leaking sweet nectar all over my shaft.
"You've gotten so turned on from just kissing. I suppose that's natural, as a succubus."
"M-Maybe... Don't say that kind of thing, though. It's embarrassing..."
"Sorry, sorry, you're just so cute when you're embarrassed."
Her face turns as red as a tomato.
"You did so well in your training, so I'm going to give you a very special reward."
I line up the tip of my cock with her entrance as if telling her exactly what's going to happen.
"I-I... I want it. I want a reward so much..."
Even though her face is bright red, she starts to lead me on.
"Then I'm going to give your cute little pussy a big one. Mmmn!"
I start to push open her plump lips and press my cock into the incredible tightness of her entrance.
"Mmmnngh! I-It's going inside me... Your thing is really inside me... Ahhhn!"
I slowly start to push inside. It's so hot and wet that I can't help but let out a moan.
It's exactly as tight as I expected, too. It feels like it's trying to drive my cock back out.
(It's like a vice around my shaft... I love the feeling of virgin pussy!)
I push a little harder, gradually working into her tightness.
"Ahn, ahhhn! Mmmn, ahhn! Hahhn, hnngh!"
My cock starts to disappear inside her inch by inch.
Soon, my glans reaches the evidence of her virginity.
"Ahhhhn! It's so deep inside me... Hnngh, it's so hot... Mmn, hahhn!"
With one final push, I bury myself in her down to the hilt.
Her pussy walls clench around me as if wanting to feel every inch of the cock taking her virginity.
"Are you all right? It doesn't hurt, does it?"
"I-I'm fine. It doesn't hurt at all... Hahh, hahhh..."
"Oh, good."
(Can succubi turn pain into pleasure or something?)
Her expression is one of such utter joy it seems like I don't have to be worried.
She's panting hungrily, and looking back at me with a lustful gaze.
"Get ready, because I'm about to start moving."
I take hold of her hips in my hands and slowly start to thrust.
"Ahn! Ahhn, mmn! Hahh, ahn!"
My cock gradually works its way back and forth through her achingly-tight entrance.
She's letting out moans more and more befitting of a succubus. With every thrust, her pussy clenches around my shaft.
"You're so tight, Lydia-chan. It feels amazing..."
"Y-Your thing is so big, and hot... So this is what sex is really like? Even though it's my first time, it feels so good! Ahnn!"
"Tsk, you know the proper word, don't you? Call it my 'cock.'"
I whisper salaciously in her ear, but she shakes her head.
"If you call it that, you'll turn men on. You're going to have to learn to say it to become a good succubus."
"C-C-C... C-Cock! Your cock feels so good! Ahhhn, it twitched!"
I can't help it, faced with this shy girl saying such dirty things.
"You're so cute and sexy, Lydia-chan."
Both as a succubus, and as a woman, she's getting gradually more erotic.
I can't hold back any more. My thrusts start to get harder and harder.
"Ahhn, ahahhn! Mmnph, ahn! Hahhn, ahn!"
Her pussy clenches and tightens even more, as if trying to control the wild cock thrashing inside her.
It's filling my entire body with an intense, fiery heat.
(I was right to use some Ero-Magic to help me last!)
Without it, I'm sure this would be over in seconds.
(What a waste that would be, when this feels so incredible!)
I drive my shaft inside of her and grind my hips against hers.
"Ahhn! Your cock is stirring up my pussy... Hahhn, it feels so good... Ahahhn!"
Lydia-chan's expression and moans grow increasingly obscene as I go faster and faster.
She's saying the dirtiest things possible without a hint of shame, turning me on like a true succubus.
"You've got such an amazing pussy, Lydia-chan. It's wringing out my cock."
I slam my hips against hers again and again, driving down to the hilt with each thrust.
"Ahn, ahahhn! Mmmnph, ahahhn!"
Her moans make me quiver with a delightful sensation that only a succubus can give me, and I plunge into her with every ounce of my strength.
I can feel myself straining at the limits of my Ero-Magic.
"Lydia-chan, I'm almost ready to cum!"
I probably didn't even need to tell her, given how much I'm throbbing inside her.
"O-Okay! Cum inside me, Takumi-senpai! Pour it all into me!"
She drives her own hips back against mine as if trying to push me over the edge.
Her awkward movements gradually become more sensual, and have my cock aching for release.
"Mmmn, ahhhn! Ahnn, hahhnnn!"
We're in perfect sync, the reverberations of every stroke making my body tingle.
"I-I think I'm going to cum too... Ahhn, and it's going to be even bigger than before!"
With both of our libidos raging, it's hard not to completely give in.
"Lydia-chan! Let's cum together!"
"Aaahhhnn! Ahnn, ahahhn! Mmmn, hahhhn!"
Nodding her assent, she slams her hips back against mine.
The classroom is filled with the sound of wet flesh slapping against wet flesh.
Her asshole is twitching adorably in front of me.
"Lydia-chan, I can't hold back any more!"
I'd love to pop her anal cherry too, but unfortunately my Ero-Magic is completely out.
My whole body is coursing with energy, dying to fire it all inside of her.
"I-I'm cumming too! Ahn, ahhhn, AHAHHHNNN!"
She arches her back and lets out a high, lascivious moan.
"I'm cumming, Lydia-chan!"
"AAHHHHHHNN! I-It's so hot, and thick... Your cum is filling me up so much!"
I pour out a thick load of cum inside her as she writhes and bucks.
She's so overwhelmed by the new sensation that she seems not to know that to do.
And yet, I can tell from the shaking of her body that the waves of orgasm are crashing over her.
"Mmmmngh! Ahn, ahahhn! Ahn, ahnnnn, ahahhnnnnn!"
It's so powerful, more than anything she's ever experienced before, that she can't do anything but moan.
Her pussy is massaging my shaft as if trying to milk out every drop of cum from me, while her boobs are spilling out torrents of milk.
(She's such a shy, cute girl, but she's squirting milk like she's a bonafide mother... Succubi are amazing!)
It's such an erotic sight that I can't help pulsing jet after jet of hot cum into her.
"I've still got more for you, so take it all!"
I grind my hips against hers, painting the entrance to her womb white.
Her pussy walls squeeze my shaft, almost as if they're hungrily wringing out every drop.
"Mmm, how does it feel being cummed inside for the first time, Lydia-chan? What's it like to taste your first 'creampie'?"
"Th-This is a 'c-creampie'? Ahhnn, I feel so full... It's so amazing! Mmn!"
When the stream finally stops, I collapse on top of her in a comfortable pile of sex.
She turns her face to mine, and our lips meet.
"Mmmn, mwah... Please, just for a moment, let's stay like this, connected together..."
"Oh, that's fine by me..."
We kiss again and again, my cock still twitching inside her.
"Thank you so much for today. You, umm... T-Taught me so much..."
Soon, the sun is sinking, and it's time to go home. There's a glimmer in Lydia-chan's eye that says she's not ready to leave, though.
(Tsk, she's such a dirty girl... Fuck yes!)
"Umm, could you, ahem, teach me kissing again some time?"
Before I can answer, she throws her arms around me and presses her lips to mine.
Her kisses are so passionate and forceful you'd never think I'd just been her first.
I don't know if it's some kind of succubus power, but my body is instantly filled with sweet tingles.
Her breasts press against me, and I can feel myself being drawn into her grip...
"W-Wow, you're already pretty good at this... Your cheeks are still a little pink, though."
"I-I know, it's hard not to be at least a little embarrassed..."
Her expression instantly clouds over. There's something ever so cute about how seriously she's taking this.
"It's okay, you're still a beginner. I'll kiss you as much as you need to become a proper succubus!"
"R-Really!? Thank you! Please, I'm depending on you, Takumi-senpai! ♪"
She smiles at me, and kisses me so deeply my head spins.
