エレン
エレン先生
カシュニア
ナスターシャ
炎厨矢
"Ladies, on your marks. Get set... Go!"
It's the school sports day, and it's the beginning of the... "Mother-Daughter Third Leg Race!"
Yeah, not "three-legged." My Ero-Magic kicked in just as the event was being prepared, so it's a little... different.
"Mothers and daughters, work together to see who can make Takumi-kun's 'third leg' cum the fastest! Or, at least, try to work together..."
Can I make this the national sport of this country?
As soon as Ellen-sensei yells "Go," Kashnia and her mom instantly leap on top of me.
"Mmm, mwah... Your sweetie has such an amazing cock, Kashnia... Mmn, *slurrp*..."
"H-Hey, he's not my s-s-s-sweetie! W-We don't have that kind of r-relationship!"
She's gone into tsundere mode right away!
I know she likes me really, so I don't mind being her "sweetie" at all.
"Wh-What are you doing, looking all happy to have my mom sucking your cock? Mmn, mwah!"
"I can't help it! I'm a man, it's only natural!"
"Tsk, well, I suppose I'll suck your cock too, like I always do. You'd better appreciate it! Mmn!"
I really, really want to point out how obvious her true feelings are, but if I do that there is a non-zero chance I will get my dick bitten off.
In this magical world, the girls have the power to kill me over a single joke, and with what mischief I pull, I wouldn't put it past them.
For someone who tries to act uninterested, she's eagerly licking and sucking my shaft. It feels so good that I'm moaning like a fool.
"Erena and Mami-san are currently top of the leaderboard! Can Kashnia and Nastassia-san blow past them—or rather, suck past them!?"
Nice one, Ellen-sensei! I'm not even using Ero-Magic on her, and she's still making dirty jokes.
Dammit, why aren't we broadcasting this worldwide!?
"H-How can a teacher make perverted puns like that about her students? Mmm, *slurrpp*!"
Kashnia pouts and tuts at her even while she's licking my shaft.
"Ahhhn, mmnph... *slurp*... Mmm, sucking cock feels even better than sucking blood. ♪ *schlurrrppp*!"
"Are you two sure you're actually vampires, and not succubi!?"
"Mmnph... Mama, don't say that! We are proud vampires, and we have to remember that!"
Pah, not that it matters to me which they are. Either way, it's girls in sexy outfits!
"Mmn, has Kashnia been sucking your cock a lot? Mwah, *slurp*..."
"Well, not as much as I'd like..."
"What!? You weren't saying that when you pulled me into the bathroom the other day and filled my throat up!"
I can't quite believe she's capable of saying some of the lewd things she does in this kind of situation.
"Mmn, *slurp*... It seems like you two are really getting along. Mmm, *shlurrrp*... Mwah!"
Wow, the way they use their tongues is entirely different! Are these two even mother and daughter? Or even both vampires?
"Hahhn... Mom, wait— Mmmnph!? Mmm, mwah..."
Nastassia-san pulls Kashnia in and presses their lips together, forcing her tongue into her daughter's mouth and entwining them.
My cock is caught in the middle of their passionate kiss. The hot, wet sensation swirling around my tip is incredible.
It's so good that I can't help but push my cock hard against their tongues.
"Ahhn! Mommm... *slurppp*... Mwah!"
"Mmm, I want you to enjoy the feeling of my boobs too. I want this cock to feel amazing... Hahhn!"
%150;It just gets better!!!
"Tsk, honestly. It's gotten even bigger since Mom started titfucking it... What a perverted cock. Mmnph..."
"My humblest apologies for my discourteous member."
Translation in Takumi-speak: I don't want to hear that from a slut who's slurping on my cock like it's the world's tastiest popsicle!
"Ahhn... Wh-What do you think you're doing, getting even bigger between my tits too? Pervert! Mmmn!"
Oh come on. Double the boobs, double the size. It's simple math.
"Mmm, *slurp*... Hahhn, mmn... *lick*! *schlurrrpp*!"
"Hahhn, Nastassia-san, you're amazing at this!"
She's twisting her neck while swirling her tongue around my cock. It feels like being sucked into a whirlpool!
"Mmm, *schlurrp*... Mwah! Mmmnn, hahhn... *schlurrrpppp*!"
Hnngh, those sharp vampire canines are scraping my cock! It feels surprisingly great!
"Hehe... You like my fangs, don't you? I'm going to make you completely addicted to them."
I don't think I could get more addicted to the filthy way she's using her lips and tongue!
"Mmn, mmmph, mmmn, mmmn...! Mwah, *sschluuurrrppppp*!!!"
Goddamn, I never thought I'd ever be deepthroated by a vampire mommy!
"Mmmnph, *schlurrrpp*!"
Being blown like this with my cock between her huge boobs is threatening to make me lose my grip on reality...
I'm suddenly brought back down to earth by Kashnia's tongue flicking around my nipple. I guess she's given up on my cock for now.
"Mwah, *slurp*... Your nipples are perverted too, you know? It makes me want to punish them. *munch*! *nibble*!"
"Mmn, *slurp*! Mwah, *lick*!"
"K-Kashnia-san... If you keep that up, I might just die and go to heaven!"
"W-Well, go ahead then! Of course it feels good, it's me doing it, after all. N-Not that I'm happy to hear you like it or anything!"
There's that tsundere act again! Gah, if this didn't feel so good I'd be roasting her for that!
"Mmmn, hahhn, *slurp*! Mwah, mmn, *schlurrp*!"
Hmm, I've got to punish her somehow, though. And I know just what to do...
I reach down to her warm, wet mound, and tweak her clitoris between my fingertips.
"AHHNNN! Wh-Where do you think you're touching!? Ahhn!"
"Well, your clit, obviously. It's really swollen... Does sucking my cock really turn you on that much?"
"D-Don't be stupid! Ahhn, s-stop! If you play with it like that, I'll... Ahnn, ahhn, AHAHHNN!"
She twitches and jerks as if hit by electricity, and a spray of warm, sticky love nectar coats my hand.
"Ahhn, you idiot, you made me cum... I'm supposed to be the one doing that to you, aren't I!?"
"I am so terribly sorry... Kash-tan."
"Grr, don't call me that!"
I suddenly remember that this is, despite appearances, actually a sporting event. I've got to help the girls put in a good time!
"Come on, Kash-tan. Lick my cock like the good little doggy you are, or you won't win the race!"
"Mmnph... Hahh, hahh, don't call me that! Either that name, or a dog! B-But, well... Like this? Mwah, *schlurrrrpppp*!"
For all her attitude, she's instantly back into working my cock with ferocious determination.
Damn, vampires sure know how to suck!
"Mmmn, *schlurp*! Come on, hurry up and cum! Mm, mwah, *schlurp*!"
Her tongue is swirling around the head of my cock, coiling around it like a snake.
"Mmm, double titfuck blowjobs... This is the life!"
"Hmph... *slurp*! Less talking, more cumming. Mmmnph, hurry up!"
"Mmmn... I wish I could suck this cock even more, but we have to be fast... Mmm, *schlurrrp*!"
Gah, I don't really want to admit it given Kashnia's attitude, but this pair of slutty vampires are real pros, mother and daughter alike!
"Hnngh, I'm going to cum... I'm cumming! Mmmn!"
"Hahh, hahh... My daughter's perverted sweetie is spraying his cum all over me! I'm cumming too! Mmn!"
"Hahhn... You're right about him being a pervert, but I'm still not calling him my 'sweetie,' okay!? Not yet!"
"Pssh, you sure about that? Until a second ago you were sucking my cock like a lollipop, and you say I'm not sweet?"
What kind of pillow talk is this!?
"And they've passed the finish line! The winner is... It's a draw! This means we'll have to have a sudden death suck-off!"
"Err, I mean, play-off! I-I'm so terribly sorry, what am I saying?"
"This really isn't the time to start getting embarrassed!"
You've just watched a dozen rounds of mother-daughter blowjobs, and that's when you get embarrassed!?
"Your cum has got me so horny, Takumi-kun... This time, I want your 'third leg' in my pussy, hehe!"
"Hey, Mom! Don't start without me!"
Kashnia jumps on me instantly, full of competitive spirit.
"Ahhn... I-I'll lick your nipples for you, so you'd better cum quickly, okay?"
"Whoa! She hasn't even blown the starting whistle... But whatever!"
In the end, these horny vampires end up taking "sudden death" into multiple rounds...
