オルガ
ナオミン
炎厨矢
"Mmmmrgh... Lectures sure are boring. I don't understand a thing."
The bell rings, signaling the end of classes. I get up out of my seat and stretch like a cat.
Since it's a magical academy, we memorize spells and incantations, but... Honestly, it just sounds like pretentious edgelord poetry.
Also, the way you weave the words controls the direction and power of the magic. It's so annoying.
In anime and light novels, incantations are short and sweet. But here, it's hard if you're low-level.
"Huh? The wind sure is noisy today... Or maybe I'm only noticing it because I can't hear that annoying girl's voice."
I'm referring to the girl who's got my otherwise beautiful, booby-filled academic life tied up in red tape like a bondage-addict.
And by that, I mean the dark elf, Naomin. Also known as Class President Gyaru. In my head, at least.
"Come to think of it, I don't think I've seen Naomin's pudding ass or jelly tits anywhere today... What happened to her?"
Usually, she'd start lecturing me for being lazy, even during break time, and yet that hasn't happened once today.
"Guess I'll go ask someone..."
"...Oh, there's someone I can ask. Perfect timing. Hey, Olga!"
I call out to Olga who happens to be passing by.
"What is it? Do you need something?"
"I haven't seen Naomin around today... Is she busy with something?"
"I heard Naomin's absent today because of a cold."
"A cold!? I see... So Class President Dark Elf caught a cold, huh?"
"Yes, apparently. Did you need her for something?"
"Well, classes are over, and I've got nothing to do, so I guess I'll go pay her back for what she does to me every day."
When she's around, I'm always afraid she'll scold me, but when she's missing, I'm worried about her. Maybe I should check in on her...
"I-Is that all you need?"
"Yup! Thanks for the info."
When I give her a smile, Olga blushes a bit and murmurs.
"I-If I ever catch a cold... y-you don't have to come visit me, okay? Haah, haah..."
"You never change, do you, you perverted knight? Don't worry! If you ever get sick, I'll be sure to bring your butt a suppository."
"What!? Y-Y-You'll do %i1what%r to my butt!?"
Her eyes open wide as she blushes and gives me the happiest, most spellbound look I've seen today.
"Heheheh, it's a special kind of medicine! You stick it into your butthole, see..."
"Whoa! Whoa, i-if you used one of those on me... E-Even if it healed me, my body would still burn up afterwards... Haah, haah!"
Looks like she's imagining a XXX situation. She's fidgeting and rubbing her thighs together.
(Hmm. I guess people haven't invented suppositories in this world.)
"Haah, haah... Ahh, I feel like I'm burning up... I-I may have caught a cold... M-My head's heavy, and I'm coughing... *cough* *cough*..."
"Huh?"
"So, where is this, uh... butt medicine of yours? Ahh, I'm so hot... I might faint at this rate... My heart's racing...!"
"Ah, ahaha, maybe some other time, Olga! Later!!"
"Ahhh! W-Wait!"
Her eyes are starting to glaze over, so I make a mad dash out of the classroom.
As much as I'd love to hang out with this big-boobed beauty of a perverted knight, visiting the sick Naomin takes higher priority.
For now, I head back to my dorm to prepare for a visit to Naomin's room.
"I'm half-joking about getting payback, but... what exactly do dark elves like?"
"I'm pretty sure I heard she likes chocolate, but can you have chocolate when you're sick? Wait, what?"
As I ponder the topic, my Ero-Magic crystal reacts, suddenly shining with light.
"What's going on here?"
I take a quick peek into the crystal, and...
"Haah... Ugh, mmgh, ahh..."
"Oh!? Isn't that Naomin!?"
The crystal shows Naomin "enjoying" herself on what appears to be a bed of fresh grass.
"Haah... Mm... Ahh... Ugh... Ah... M-My body's been throbbing all day... Ever since this morning... Ahh... Aahhh..."
"E-Each and every month... Ahhh... I have to console my body like this... or it won't calm down... Haah... Haah... Ahhh... Mm..."
Out of nowhere, a dark elf masturbation show!
Naomin's nags on and on about morals, morality, and moralization like a sister-in-law, and yet now she's writhing like a slut!
So for a time every month, she becomes a horny, masturbating dark elf? How convenient! For me!
"Mmgh... Ahh... Gghh... I-If that bastard ever found out... it would be Ragnarok... Mmgh... Haah..."
"Ghh... Why can't I forget... mmgh... that shameless man's... Mmmgh... That perverted smegma man's dick...? Mmgh... Ugh... Haaah..."
Hey! Who are you calling a perverted smegma man!? That's uncalled for!
We got real intimate the other day when you got attacked by a monster, remember!?
"Oh, looks like the crystal's giving me some tutorial text. That's awfully kind... Let's see..."
So apparently, dark elves in this world have the erotic disposition to get abnormally horny during ovulation and menstruation. 
"I see... So now that she's had a taste of my cock, she craves it when she's in heat, huh? Geheh, geheheheh!"
The human-hating class president who campaigned on tightening discipline is addicted to human cock? Is this the plot of a porno?
This crystal shows the truth. It's an Ero-Magic revelation asking me to lend her a "hand." And I see no reason to refuse!
I shall now assist the class president with her masturbation!
Let's go! To the class president's masturbation show!
