オルガ
マリア
炎厨矢
"Aaahn! Stop playing with my breasts so much... Hahhhn!"
"Haaahn, s-stop! Everyone will see us! Aaaahn!"
"Oh, don't you worry about that. This glass is a magic mirror. We can see through it perfectly, but no one outside can see a thing!"
Maria-san doesn't seem to believe me. Her face is flushed deep red with shame.
"Hahh, hahh... You may say that, but... It feels like everyone is looking at us... Hahhn!"
Her pussy walls clench around the fingers I have exploring her insides.
"Hahhn... She's right... They're all looking this way!"
"There's no need to be so worried. Those young guys might be looking this way, but that creepy old man didn't pay any attention to us, right?"
"B-But... Aaahn, you really do love my breasts too much, you pervert! Haahn!"
Dammit, does she really not understand what righteous boobage she has?
"I don't want to hear that from a hypocrite like you! Do you even know how wet you are? You're getting turned on from being watched, aren't you?"
"N-Not a chance! I'd never get wet from something like this! Ahn, don't bite my nipples! Ahahhnn!"
As much as she's trying to deny it, her pussy is spurting out gushes of love nectar each time I thrust my cock into it.
(Phew, she's always so incredibly tight...)
"Ahn, m-must you always be so rough? Stop forcing it into me like— AHN! Hahhhnn!"
"C'mon, I know that's how you like it most!"
As much as she protests, I can tell from the twitching of her walls just how much she wants me to be rough with her.
"Look, your big, perverted, masochistic tits are being pressed up against the glass. It's almost like that old guy over there is staring at them."
"N-No way! Don't say that! Hahhnnn!"
"Hmm, hearing it made your dirty little pussy squeeze my cock, though."
"Ahhn, mmnph... Ahn, ahnnn!"
"You really are a filthy crusader, aren't you? You're getting fucked from behind in a moving carriage, and spilling breast milk everywhere!"
"Hahh, hahhn! D-Do you really enjoy humiliating me so much!? Ahahn! I'll kill you! Hahhn!"
Haha, that's just what I wanted to hear!
"Ahahhn, you're being so rough with me, even in front of my mother...!"
"Hmm, what, would you prefer I was some kind of orc in heat fucking you like this, or something?"
Her pussy squeezes me even tighter as I say that. Mmm, the disgusted look on her face is making my cock throb painfully.
"Hahh, hahh... I-I'd never let an orc lay his filthy hands on me... Ahahnnn!"
I can't help but let the image of Olga being forcefully taken by a brutish orc linger in my mind, which only serves to turn me on more.
"Mmm, I bet that thought makes you even wetter, doesn't it?"
"Ahnn! N-N-No way! Hahhnn!"
"Come on, show all of those people outside just what a perverted, masochistic, milk-spilling crusader you are!"
"Ahahhn! Ahn, ahnn, ahahhnn!"
"Man, you crusaders can really lactate, huh? It's all over the place."
"Ahhhn... Mother, I'm sorry... I'm sorry I'm such a failure of a crusader... Ahahhn!"
"You're looking a little frustrated over there, Maria-san. Are you struggling to hold yourself back?"
"Ahn! N-Not at all... Hahhn!"
That would be more convincing if her pussy lips weren't red and engorged, dripping with nectar
"Hmm, I think I know what you really mean. You want a cock that's not your husband's rammed into your noble pussy, don't you? Well then..."
I pull my throbbing shaft out of her daughter and push it between Maria-san's pussy lips, teasing her before I plunge it into her in one thrust.
"Ahahnn!"
"Mmm, your pussy's so hot and tight, Maria-san... It's incredible. ♪"
Even the scent of her love juices is elegant and refined, like a heady rose-scented perfume.
"Ahhn! S-Stop, Takumi-kun... You already have Olga... Ahhn, hahhn!"
Knowing her daughter is right alongside her seems to be making Maria-san even more turned on.
The apple definitely doesn't fall far from the tree, I suppose. I didn't know masochism was a genetic thing.
Before I know it, I'm naturally fucking her with even more force than I normally would.
"Hahhnnn! Ahn, ahnnn, stop, this is too much! Ahhn, it's amazing, ahahhnnn!"
"Ahh, my darling, I'm sorry... This cock, it's just too amazingggg, hahhhn!"
Hey, don't blame this on my cock, you slutty masochist wife!
"I wonder if all of those people out there can see you getting fucked hard from behind? I'm pretty sure that old guy just licked his lips."
"Ahhn! Don't look at me! Mmnph, ahn!"
I feel her pussy tighten even more as I shamelessly poke at her sense of embarrassment.
"Ahhn, I haven't had sex in so long! Ahn, Takumi-kun, don't be so rough— Ahahhnnn!"
I can't help myself. Her pussy is so tight I can't believe that the other crusader wiggling her ass in frustration came out of this once.
"Hahhn! Ahn, ahahhn, mmph, ahhhnn!"
"Come on, don't get distracted thinking about your husband now. Focus on the cock that's stirring up your pussy, Maria-san."
"Nooo... Hahhn, hahh... Don't say that... Ahn, it feels so good! I feel like I'm losing my mind! Hahhhnn!"
Her pussy walls are spasming and clenching powerfully around my shaft as she moans.
"Hahhn, ahnnn, ahnn! Mmn, ahahnn!"
Her face is a picture of bliss, completely lost in the pleasure.
Olga pouts, and starts to complain in a pleading, desperate tone.
"Oh, Mother... It's not fair, you hogging him to yourself... I want it too... Ahnnn!"
She bashfully wiggles her ass at me, presenting her greedy, soaking pussy, and I obligingly pull my cock from her mother and ram it inside her.
Tsk, I just can't resist this nympho crusader!
"Ahnnn, hhahhnnn! Mmn, ahahnnn!"
After only a few wild strokes, I pull out to slam it into Maria-san's pussy again.
"Hyahhn! Ahnn, no, I'm cumming! Ahn, you really are a bad boy, Takumi-kun... Ahhnn, I'm cumming from a cock that isn't my husband's! Ahahhnn!"
"Mother, Mother! I-I'm, hahhn, I'm cumming too! It's so embarrassing! I'm cumming right in front of everyone!"
I can feel the pressure of my own oncoming orgasm building in my crotch too, quickly becoming too much to bear.
I let out a burning hot flood of thick cum deep inside each of the mother and daughter in turn, feeling it paint their insides white.
"Hahh, hahh..."
The horses' rest finishes, and the carriage starts to move.
The pair of plump asses in front of me jiggle as the carriage shakes, their pussies leaking obscene amounts of overflowing cum onto the floor.
"Ahhn, there's so much... I'm covered in white... Hahhh, hahhh..."
"Hahhn... It's filling me up... Hahh, hahh..."
I poured so much into her I wouldn't be surprised if Olga ends up with a little sister.
"Hahh, hahh... You really are shameless, aren't you? Shooting all of this into me..."
"Ahn... Your Sexcalibur is still so hard, Takumi-kun... I do hope you'll give me some grandchildren soon, hehe..."
"Wh-Wh-What!? I-I would never have the child of a brute like him! N-N-Never!"
She's so eager to deny it that she can hardly speak. How cute!
...
...
"Mmm, you look like a mess, Maria-san."
"Ahn! I-I'm sorry... I'm such a perverted mother... Hahh, hahh..."
She looks at me with shame in her cheeks, embarrassed at having been seen cumming in such an obscene way.
"You really came like the nympho you are too, didn't you, Olga-san?"
"Sh-Shut up... I-I don't want to be called that by a pervert like you...!"
Olga snaps at me, still quivering from the aftershocks of her orgasm.
My Ero-Magic hasn't worn off yet... Until we get to the ball I keeping ramming both mother and daughter like I'm one of the horses out front.
And of course, there's still the journey back to look forward to...
