かぐや
炎厨矢
I mindlessly run my brush across the paper as I stare at Kaguya-senpai's boobs during calligraphy class.
"My, you're so shameless..."
Noticing my lascivious gaze, Kaguya-senpai playfully looks back at me.
She kneels on the floor as she writes beautifully on her sheet of paper.
Just as beautiful as her writing, her salacious knockers as big as temple bells struggle to contain themselves under her uniform.
For me, rather than the curves in her writing, it's those voluptuous curves that attracted me to her.
She would sometimes stand beside me and guide my hand to teach me how to write my characters better.
Even the touch of her soft hands on mine and the sound of her sweet voice gracing my ears is truly enticing.
She usually gets me to write the word "infatuation" for me to practice.
(Her boobs are driving me craaazy!)
It's just me and Kaguya-senpai in this large Japanese tearoom.
It's just an ordinary Japanese-style room like any other in my world, except for the floating floors and the mysterious orbs.
Anyway, the sexy aura around Kaguya-senpai and her humongous boobs excited me to no end.
I could hold out just fine if I were a woman, but as a man, overwhelming lust overtakes me each time her dynamite body enters my vision.
"Huh?"
Suddenly, a deep corner of my subconscious mind is graced with a surge of indecent thoughts.
This Ero-Magic skill is "Calligravirginity"... Hmm, sounds simple enough!
I chant and activate this new and exciting skill.
"So, first, I'll take your brush in my mouth to make it easier to write... Mmmngh, *slurp* *slurp*... *lick* *slurrrp*!"
"S-Senpai! Th-That feels so good!"
"Mmngh, nngh... *slurp*... Nnh... Mwah, mmmngh..."
While she was teaching me so sweetly and innocently earlier, she's now lovingly sucking on my cock.
"Takumi-chan, this is one fine brush you've got here... *lick* *slurp* *slurrrp*..."
And those are some fine blowjob skills you're using on my dick-brush there!
"You have to use... Haaah, haaah... your entire body when you write... Watch... Haaahn..."
Kaguya-senpai turns her butt toward me with her private parts on full display as she %i1writes%r with my %i1brush%r in her hands.
"Haaah, haaah... Oops, you can see everything! Mmngh, nnh, haaahn... Can you see my hymen...?"
Actually, I think I can!
Her plump mound rustles my jimmies!
"This magical form of calligraphy can be used to regain a woman's virginity. Can you guess the special ingredient? Teehee..."
Kaguya-senpai stands on all fours, her ass just inches from my face as she cleans up and down my brush.
"I need... your brush in here... Nnh, haaahn..."
"Kh... Ah, Senpai!"
A soft, warm, slimy sensation envelops my cock.
"It... Nnh, aaah, aaah... It hurts, but... it feels so good... My body feels so warm!"
Senpai! I'm doing calligraphy in your pussy!
Plump and bouncy on the outside and tight on the inside... I could explode at any moment if I'm not careful!
"Ahn, ahn, aaahn... This is my first dick-brush, and yet my hips know how to move... Ah, ahh, nnh!"
"Haaah, haaah... Senpai, this is... awesome!"
"Aaahn... Use your hips and keep on writing, Takumi-chan... Aaahn, nnh, haaahn... Write lots of naughty characters, aaahn!"
Senpai's pussy squeezes hard as it witnesses my writing, generating its love ink.
"Ah, ah, ah, nnh... My pussy... Aaah... loves your cock! Aaaaaahn!"
"Kh... I can tell by the squeezing!"
Her pussy squeezes around me each time I insert my brush into her like a machine.
Her long, black hair waves suddenly with each impact, topping off my arous-o-meter.
"Aaah... I... No... more...! Your writing... is so intense... Aaahn! I-I'm cumming!!"
A sensation of electric pleasure flows through my body to my cock, opening my floodgates of lust.
My tidal wave of white lust flows unforgivingly deep inside of Kaguya-senpai.
She instantly arches her back in response to the hot explosion within her.
She once again takes me in her mouth after tasting a man's load for the first time.
"Nnh, mwah... Mmmngh, mmngh... *slurp* *slurp*... Mmmngh!"
I never enjoyed calligraphy back in my world, but I have a feeling I'll be doing it a %i1lot%r with Kaguya-senpai here.
