リディア
炎厨矢
"Phew, I'm stuffed. That was great."
"You really like the cafeteria here, don't you?"
I am struggling to resist telling her I'd rather eat her boobs, but I shouldn't be so forward with this shy succubus.
She's got the expression of an excitable little puppy at times. I think my heart's going to leap out of my chest, it's so adorable.
"You wouldn't guess it from the crazy names on the menu, but everything's surprisingly tasty in this world!"
I'll admit that I was a little apprehensive what a "borstenvlees" was, but it all worked out in the end.
"Oh, I'm so glad!"
Her smile is so full of sweetness... You'd never imagine she was born to milk cocks!
"Hmm, I could really do with a nice dessert, though. Wink wink, nudge nudge."
She blushes and fidgets in embarrassment.
"Hahh, hahhh..."
Oh, that air filling her lungs must be so sweet! I want to be the only one to ever share that air with her!
Please, my sweet succubus, suck all the air out of me and turn me into a vacuum!
(Woah... Is this some kind of succubus power? Just breathing in the same air as her is getting me hard!)
It's like she's giving off some kind of pervy pheromone. I can't help but bring my face close to hers.
"Mmm, *sniff*!"
As I approach her, something like the scent of warm milk fills my nostrils.
It's like a fine perfume... A fine perfume that makes my bulge throb in my pants.
She blushes and glances away.
Oh, come on. You're a succubus. You should know exactly what you're doing to my cock right now.
Aaaand then the school bell rings. She spins around and scuttles off.
"A-Ah, oh yeah, I need to head to my next class. See you later, Takumi-senpai!"
She grabs my cheeks in both hands, and plants a kiss on me.
"Wait! You can't just leave me like that! Kiss me more! Or at least come close enough so that I can grab you and kiss you!"
I reach out for her, but she dodges my arms.
"Mmmn, I want to stay, but I really can't. I'll be late... ♪ Hehe!"
Alas, my cute, little succubus runs away.
"Gahhh, blue-balled again!"
I start to squish my shaft under my waistband to keep from everyone seeing my shame, and then...
"Whoa!"
My Ero-Magic's kicking in! It's like the gods of this world have a direct line to my dick. Hmm, what's this one...?
"Boobical Chairs"! Nobody around to beat your meat? Let's use that wood to become a seat!
This one's a real doozy.
With this skill, I'll be invincible! It doesn't matter how many Estrus Flasks or Hyperv Potions she drinks!
With this, I can camouflage myself as Lydia's chair and whisper to her the answers to the math test... Oh, who am I kidding? It'll let me fuck her silly!
"Hehehe, I guess I'm going to get my fill of Lydia's cuteness today after all..."
As she's running off with her cheeks stained red, I plot my plan of attack...
