ナオミン
ベロラシアン
炎厨矢
"N-Naomin! Are you okay!?"
She vanished from view so quickly that I have to take a moment to find her.
"Eeeeeeep...! Ahh... Ugh... I-I'm okay... Mmmggh!"
"Whoa!?"
Naomin's all tied up in the monster's tentacles? Or rather, its vines.
"That's no Cephatolus! It's a... a palette-swapped Lickula!"
While it's from the same family as the Cephatolus, it's about two ranks stronger.
Same design, but now with a different color, so you know it's stronger this time around. You know, standard stuff.
Blue? Normal. Orange? Strong. Metallic? Worth tons of EXP... Wait, now's not the time!
"Heh heh heh... Heehhhhhhhh...!!"
It looks more like it should be crying "Onii-chan" or something.
A Lickula is higher level and stronger than a Cephatolus. While still weak against fire magic, it bound Naomin before she could cast a spell.
If she could've made the first move, she'd still be free. Obviously things aren't going to be that simple now, though.
"I-In any case, this thing's kinda...!"
The Lickula's main body isn't the vines. It's the large flower containing a cute girl who's smiling from ear to ear.
For some reason, lots of monsters in this world take the form of girls like that. To enthrall people like me, I guess.
It's like a flytrap, but instead of catching bugs, it baits in perverts!
Perverts from my world would eat this thing up... Well, I guess it'd be the other way around. All-you-can-eat perverts!
To be fair, if this Lickula were more to my tastes, I might see the attraction of jumping straight into it...
"H-Hey, Takumi! What are you grinning about!? If you've got nothing better to do, I wouldn't mind a little help right about now!"
If you need help, just ask, Naomin. No need to be so roundabout.
Fine, you owe me one... Wait a sec, that bud on the vine just opened, revealing...
"Whoa!? What is that!?"
"Eeeeep!? S-Something weird and long's stretching out... N-Noooo!"
A long, tongue-like appendage stretches out from the bud, wrapping itself around her breasts and inner thighs as if aiming for them.
"..."
Th-That's kinda hot! I'm speechless. Thank you, Lickula!
God bless this wonderful, tentacle-filled world! I'm so glad I got sent to another world! I'm overwhelmed with gratitude!
The way they writhe should horrify me, but the way they're grabbing her is filling me with another kind of feeling altogether.
Think about it. A ghost in tattered rags? Scary. A ghost in a bikini or a leotard? Sexy!
Though they've even had ghosts making appearances at baseball games these days, so maybe it's all just commercial now... Never mind that.
"N-No... Don't look! Look away... Ahh... Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahh, mmgh, ahhhh!"
The vines on her boobs go right for her nipples, squeezing and sucking at full force.
While I can't see what's going on between her legs, it's probably sucking her down there, too. At least, I hope it is.
"Eeep... N-Nooo, wh-why? Eek, why there...? Aaaghhh! Why... mmgh... would you suck that!?"
Well, I think everyone else here knows the answer to that question, Naomin!
Wave cash around? You get robbed. Wave your ass around...? Try and learn something from this exchange!
The bud's tongue-like appendage skillfully laps up Naomin's nipples.
The teasing of her pussy causes Naomin to gradually fall limp. I suppose the Lickula is draining her mana.
As grateful as I am to see booby heaven, Naomin might go to actual heaven if I don't do something soon.
"Naomin! Kill it with your trademark fire magic! It should be easy! Just nip it in the bud!"
"N-Nipple in the bud? Th-That's the problem here! What else do you want me to do...? Ahhhhhhh!"
Even when a monster's sucking her boobs, she can't help but take things too seriously. She's just way too cute! Wait, forget that!
Now's not the time to fool around. Unless I do something quick, that thing's gonna sap all her strength.
"Nipple... in the bud? But they already are...?"
The saying goes "nip it in the bud," but an extended explanation will have to wait until later.
"A-Anyway, just kill it with fire magic!"
"F-Fires of Hell, at my reins... Burn mine enemy to smithereens...! Melafire!"
She chants her spell, but nothing happens.
"Gaahh, my magic... won't come out...! N-Need... more mana... Ahh... Ghh... I can't fight back... Aahhhh!"
"Seriously!? What's your plan, here? Wait until after this sexy monster eats you to use a revival spell!?"
"I-It won't eat me... It sucks mana and milk... If we just leave it alone for a while, it'll release me on its own... Gaahh!"
"Milk!? Does this world have any monsters that %i1aren't%r sexy?"
Man, what a stupidly horny place! I love it!
"In that case, it should be easy to escape! Just lactate and evacuate!"
"I-It's not like I can just lactate, you know!?"
"They're that big and they can't even lactate!? That's false advertising!"
I spout things only an eroge-addict would say as I frantically try to think of a plan.
In any case, as long as those vines are on her erogenous zones, she can't concentrate on using magic.
...That said, I don't think I've got anything to free her with...
"Welp, guess we gotta use brute force!"
I grab the vines binding Naomin's body and try to tear them off by force.
"Eeep! D-Don't pull on them! Mmmmggghh!!"
The moment I start tugging, she screams out. It turns out that tugging the vines pulls on the parts of her body they're sucking on, too.
"Huh? They won't come off? Hmmgh, hmmgh!"
I give them a few good tugs, but they refuse to budge. All I accomplish is yanking her boobs into all kinds of shapes.
"Mmmmgghh... C-Cut it out, you pervert! What do you think breasts are made out of!? Aggh! Ah... Aahh, eeeep!"
Her boobs squish and stretch as I yank her nipples in opposite directions.
The pleasure must be frustrating her, given the way she's glaring at me and blushing.
"W-Well, what do you expect me to do? I can't just leave you like this..."
No matter how hard I tug, the vines won't budge.
As fun as it is to watch, I do wanna help her too. I'm at a loss as to what to do...
"Oh? My stick..."
It suddenly begins to glow... right as new skill data comes surging into my head.
I see. The way to save Naomin is clear, now. There's no time to hesitate!
"Create Magic! Breastmilk Burst!"
"Eeeeeeek!? M-My boobs are lactating!?"
White liquid suddenly starts squirting out of Naomin's nipples.
"Mm? Pwah... Mm, mm, mmgh..."
The Lickula buds go into a breastfeeding frenzy.
"Hey... Wh-What's going on? Why am I suddenly— Ahhh! Ah... Ah... Mmmmgh, it's sucking... my boobs... Aagggghhhh!"
"This thing won't let go until it's had its fill of milk and mana, right? So just give it all it can drink and we're good, right?"
"I-I know that much! What I'm asking is why am I lactating all of a sudden...! Wait, eeek! Eeeep!"
Now that Naomin's lactating, the Lickula's sucking even harder.
Its vines are squeezing her nipples more forcefully, pumping her like a milking machine.
Naomin struggles, her hair falling over her face as the Lickula has its way with her. Her resistance is futile, however.
"Eeep... Eeeek... Mm... Mmmgh... D-Don't suck so hard... Mmmgh... Ahhhh...!"
The vines work her breasts like a farmer at a cow's udders.
Each squeeze earns it a spray of milk from her nipples.
The release of her milk is driving the Lickula to suck it from Naomin at full force. Its enthusiasm is quite outrageous!
"Once it's had its fill of milk, it'll let go, so just hang in there a bit longer!"
My work here's done, so now we wait. I guess I can take a seat and have some tea. Relax and enjoy the show, you know?
In any case, what a frightening monster! Never expected things to turn out this way! I gotta write about this in the diary.
"Ah... Mgh, ahh... Stop licking me... Eep... Ahh... Ahh, ah, eeeek...! Th-That's too strong... Mm, mmgh, mmmgh...!"
I've waited for a while, but it seems the vines really aren't letting her go.
"I guess it's not gonna let you go that easily just because you started lactating, huh? It seems we were too optimistic."
"...Y-You think this doesn't concern you!? You've got it easy! You bystander! Have some empathy!"
"What are you talking about? It can't suck me! There's nothing to suck! Even if there were, I don't wanna think about it! So I won't!"
Who'd even want to see a man get sucked by that thing, anyway?
...That said, can we get this monster to suck any faster?
If she lactates more, it should be satisfied faster. I mean, that's just simple math, there.
It's been working away at her nipples and clit. The nipples make sense with her milk, but what does it want from down there?
Her love juices, maybe? Is it trying to get her wet so it can enjoy a sweet treat down there too? In that case...
(Maybe it's after not just her milk, but her love juices as well! All right then..)
I undo my pants, whipping out my erection before Naomin's eyes.
"Eeeep!? Wh-What are you doing!?"
"Gonna make you squirt both milk %i1and%r honey! Fill 'er up! Not like we've got anything better to do while you're bound, right?"
"I-I know, but... Eeeppp, N-No! Not there! Ahhhhh! What are you doing!?"
She gets progressively more flustered as I jam my shaft against her ass.
"Eeep! Ah, aghh, a-are you stupid? That's not where you stick it in!"
"I know what I'm doing! Listen, here's the plan: we leave the front door open, so it can have all the fresh honey it wants."
Actually, I didn't plan a damn thing. She got pissed when I stared at her back end, so I'm getting back at her back end in the end.
"You're so damn tight! It feels incredible!"
"You really are a pervert! Mmgh, and I'm an idiot for practicing with a pervert like you... Aghh, agghhh!?"
My shaft is thick and her ass tight, and yet everything is moving surprisingly smoothly.
Why's that? I didn't lube up at all... Oh, I see. The Lickula's own honey is paving the way.
(I can feel it around my dick like a condom... But it feels just as good as going bareback... I wanna take this stuff home with me!)
She's nice and slippery inside. All I'm doing is sliding in and out of her, and already my body feels like it's on fire.
Naomin doesn't seem to be enjoying it as much as I am, though. She's groaning in pain... with perhaps just a little pleasure mixed in.
"Aaahhh! Ahhhh, stop... Don't move... Ahh... Ahhh... Mmgh... Haah... I-I feel weird... Mmgh..."
Her asshole suddenly clenches around me.
"Gwaahh! Ow, ow, ow! Don't squeeze down like that!"
Unlike pussies, assholes can squeeze down real tight at the entrance.
How tight? Well, I once took the rubber bands off a disposable lunch container and stuck them on my dick on a whim. About that tight.
In short, it's as tight as fucking rubber bands. And not like, literally %i1fucking%r rubber bands. I don't know how you'd even do that.
"Relax, you're only going to wear yourself out. Besides, aren't you already pretty much out of mana?"
"E-Easier said... than done... Aaaghhh... Agggh... How humiliating! Y-You're violating my ass...!"
"Hey, not like I got a choice. It's an emergency! If you don't give into the pleasure, you won't squirt out any milk or honey!"
Well, it's kinda my fault that I'm hurting her, so it's my duty to please her booty.
"Mmgh... Mmgh... *glug* *glug*..."
The Lickula's vines start moving even more forcefully, as if trying to swallow her nipples and clit entirely.
The girl within the flower seems quite pleased. Naomin's liquids must be a delicious treat for her. Cute.
"Hwaah... Ahh, mmgh... Eep... Mm, ahh, my ass... Mmgh, my ass feels weird... Ah, don't spread it!"
Looks like Naomin's no longer in pain. Her breathing's getting quite a bit rougher, too.
(This slippery honey makes the perfect lube... Okay, time to intensify the attack.)
I firmly grasp her soft ass and plunge deeper to better savor my first taste of dark elf ass.
"N-Nooo... Stop moving so much, or I'll... Haaaah! My body's burning up... mmmmgh... like it's on fire...!"
"You're a fire mage, aren't you...? So what's hotter? Your magic, or your body?"
"Th-They're completely... different things... Wh-When I'm using magic... I don't sweat... Haah... haah..."
She twitches and writhes as she moans. It seems like the pleasure's getting to her, but she's too proud to admit it.
I get the feeling that the monster won't release her until I get her to lose control of herself.
Everything hinges on my sexual technique. First, I gotta strip away her needless pride.
"Your dark elf asshole just loves squeezing my human cock, huh?"
"S-Shut up... It's not like I %i1want%r to squeeze it... Ugh... Aaah, mmgh... Ghh..."
"What would everyone think if they knew our class president was getting sucked and fucked like this in the middle of the forest?"
"N-No...! You better not tell anyone..."
"Your asshole's gulping down my cock for all to see, class president!"
"The folds of your asshole are stretching out around my cock, and you're sopping wet. How naughty of you!"
"N-No, no, no! Why are you saying those things? How cruel... This is why I hate human men... Ahhh... Ugh, mmmgghh...!"
It seems she's vulnerable to verbal abuse—slowly but surely, her attitude is changing.
"Mmmgh... Mmgh, mmgh, mmgh..."
The Lickula, meanwhile, chugs down her milk and honey. I'm reminded of a glutton at a dessert buffet having her fill of sweets.
The mood's getting kinda nice, so I speed up. I rub Naomin's insides with the tip of my cock.
"Eep, haah... Ahhh! S-Stop... Ahhh, nooo... Stop thrusting so obscenely...!"
She's trying to pretend she hates it, but she's squeezing hard on my cock and letting her honey flow freely.
I wonder how she hasn't yet noticed her resistance only serves to agitate my arousal. We're already near the climax.
"Whew... Ahh... Noo... Don't do that, or I'll... Ahhh, mmgh...!"
She tearfully shakes her head as I drive her to the brink of climax.
I hold out for as long as I can, but the sight of her tears pushes me to the limit.
"Naomin, I'm cumming... in your asshole!"
I thrust balls deep into her ass as I let my lust explode deep inside her, filling her up with my seed.
"I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Aaaaaaaaahhhhh!!"
She lets out an obscene scream as milk gushes from both her nipples.
From the way liquid splatters against the Lickula's body, she must be squirting, too.
"Whoa, that's amazing, Naomin...! Your ass just won't stop cumming."
"D-Don't say that! It's your fault, Takumi... Mmmgh... I didn't enjoy it one bit, okay? Mm... Haah... Haah..."
"Hey, don't blame me... Blame your ass for being to die for... Ugh, uugghh..."
I still haven't stopped cumming. I can feel my pulse in my cock while her ass gulps down my thick, white liquid.
(Gwah... Incredible! I didn't know an asshole could milk a dick like that!)
The immorality of anal sex only adds to the pleasure. It feels so good, it's like she's sucking out my soul.
Is it because she's a dark elf? Either way, despite how much she squeezed out of me, my dick still stands tall.
Despite her release of milk and honey, the monster still continues teasing her nips and clit.
The continued teasing even during her afterglow causes her to twitch sporadically.
"Eeeeep... I can't... No more... Pwease shtop... Ugh, ugh... Haah, haah, eeep..."
As feeble as her whimpers are in between her ragged breaths, her body seems to want more. Her hips keep wiggling back and forth.
"What's wrong, Naomin? Still yearning for more?"
"O-Of coursh not... Pwease... Lend me a hand... I can't take any more... Eeep... I'm going cwazy... Haaah..."
"Hang tight! I'll lay my hands on you right away."
I slowly pull my shaft out of her ass. The Lickula's goopy honey falls free in one unbroken globule.
(Wow, it's like pulling off a condom. Convenient! This fantasy world never ceases to amaze!)
"Huh? Wait... Mmgh, ahhh!? Mm... Nooo... Ahhh!"
I ignore her attempts to resist as I push my cock against her pussy and slide inside, her own love liquids lubing my way forward.
"Mmgh... Ahh, ahhhh! N-Noo... The front, too!? Haaah! B-But it's my first time...!"
"Hey, don't sweat it! Since it's your first time, I'll be gentle! So please, let me fuck you!!"
Her pussy's really tight, but it's nothing compared to the entrance of her asshole.
However, the way her pussy squeezes around the entirety of my cock threatens to make me faint if I'm not careful.
Her love juices let me slide all the way in, but that doesn't change the fact that she's overwhelmingly tight.
(Oh wow, this feels amazing... I'm gonna cum if I'm not careful... Ah, ahhh...)
It feels completely different from her asshole. Her honey makes my shaft feel like it's melting. I can't help but moan.
She also can't stop moaning. It seems like being deflowered isn't as painful as she thought.
Speaking of flowers, the buds sucking on her nips and clit must have numbed her senses.
"Oof... Anyway... Your pussy's amazing!"
Her inner walls feel like warm jelly. When I thrust my cock into her, her warm, gooey honey gushes out.
It clashes with the way she clamps down on my little guy with all the tightness and narrowness characteristic of a virgin.
Yet this pressure is itself completely different from the way her narrow asshole practically bit my dick clean off.
"Haaah... Ahhh... Wh-Why does it feel better... the deeper you go...? Aaaahhhhh!!"
Whenever her body twitches, the milk she squirts out immediately gets sucked up by the vines.
It seems the pleasure makes her release even more luscious liquid. I'm jealous... If only I could be a sap-sucking plant, too.
(Gah... The tip of my dick's hitting something... Is that her cervix? It's kinda rough...)
I rub my glans against it and push up. She immediately reacts by arching backward.
"Mmmgh... R-Right there... Ahhh... What... What are you doing...? It feels weird there... When you rub it like that, I... Ah, ahh, ahhhh!"
"This is your womb. The place where babies grow. Does it feel good?"
I carefully thrust up from below, firmly but gently.
"B-Babies...? Don't say that! Not now! I'm getting attacked by a monster! Babies are completely irrelevant right now!"
"Uh, I think they're plenty relevant right now, actually..."
She's desperately trying to resist the pleasure that should be welling up within her.
However, her body accepts my thrusts, secreting plenty of luscious love juices as if begging me for more.
The Lickula sucks it all up together with her milk. Once it's had its fill, we'll win. Our only course of action is to continue.
I plunge my shaft into Naomin's pot of molten honey and stir her up with my hips.
"Mmgh, ahh... Aagghhh! Mm, mmmgh... Ahhh, eeep! I-It's so big... Ahhh, haaah... Eeeep...!"
It's such a shock to see the prideful Naomin moaning with pleasure like this.
I know she's being attacked by a monster right now, yet I can't help but point that out.
"Naomin, you're really moaning in pleasure, huh? Is it that good? Is my cock really that good!?"
When I say that, she immediately blushes and shakes her head from side to side.
"Th-That's definitely not— Aaahhhhhh, nooooo! Mmgh, ahh... Waaahhhh!"
She might deny it, but at this point, it's not like she's got a choice.
Drenched in sweat, she resists the pleasure, but she can't convince anyone. Her hips are moving on their own.
Her vine-squeezed boobs, her swollen clit, her squirming hips... Everything about her's simply irresistible!
"The way you're shaking your hips is so sexy. Must feel good, right? C'mon, admit it."
I can see her gritting her teeth, so I try provoking her. It's obvious that she's trying to hold in her moans.
"I-It doesn't... feel good! I-I'm just tired... from having my mana sucked... Aaagh!? E-Eeep!"
Try as she might, she still moans with every thrust. She tearfully glares at me, perhaps ashamed of herself.
"Teehee, how nice. ♪ It's so cute how bitter you get when you can't fight the pleasure, Naomin!"
I teasingly laugh at her even as I pound her with my erect member.
With each thrust of mine, her honeypot obscenely squeezes my shaft.
She's so wet, simply sliding my length inside her slit causes her to squelch.
"Eeeeep...! Ahhhh... I'm going crazy... My whole body's getting sucked up... My mind's going dumb..."
Her last line of defense breached, she moans with an erotic, amorous expression on her face.
"Be as dumb as you want! Nobody's here but me! Nobody will ever know! Let the pleasure poison your mind!"
"Eeep... Eeek... No, I don't wanna! Pwease shtop... N-No more...!"
"No more? Okay, I guess I'll stop, then."
I deliberately slam the brakes on my hips.
"Mmmgh... Haah... Haah... Mmmgh... Ahhh... Mmgh... Haah..."
Just as I expected, her hips immediately start to squirm impatiently.
While I may have stopped, the Lickula hasn't. Those buds are still licking her nips and clit.
I guess the tantalizing teasing of her sensitive spots is too much, as Naomin starts shaking her hips on her own.
"Whoa, there. No moving on your own."
"Wh-Why not...? Who cares...? It's not like I'm bothering you... Uugh..."
"You don't have to do that. If you ask nicely, I'll keep on pounding your pussy."
"You want me to pound you hard, don't you? Well if you want it, then beg for it!"
Now that I've stopped moving, her pussy pitifully squeezes my cock, coiling around my glans.
Unable to resist the needs of her throbbing, aching pussy, she timidly opens her lips.
"Ugh... Uuugh... K-Keep moving...! Don't be lazy! Mmmgh... Ahhh... Haah, haah..."
"Hmm? Are you telling me to pound you? You want me to pound you hard?"
"I-I didn't say that... Mmmgh... B-But... I need you to if I want to escape the monster... so I don't have a choice... Mmgh, ghh..."
"I've got no choice! No choice... but to get pounded by your... d-dick... Mmgh... Ahh... Eep..."
"Something rubs me wrong about the way you said that, but... Well, fine."
Her pussy's been desperately squeezing my cock, so I can't take it anymore, either.
I resume thrusting my hips, devouring her insides.
"Eeep!? Mmgh, ahh... Haah... Amashing... Ahh... Y-You're stirring it around inshide me...!"
I thrust hard and deep, savoring the warmth of her pussy.
"Ah... Haaah... Eep, mmgh, eeeek! Your thick dick's all the way inside... Mmmggghh!"
Even her tone of voice is getting sexy. It's a turn-on all by itself.
(O-Oh shit, I was trying to leave her hanging, but I think I got turned on even more than she did...)
As I loudly slam my hips against hers, I can feel the urge to cum rising within me.
I soon realize my hopes to hang on a bit longer are futile, and so I let my lust consume me.
"Ugh... I can't hold out... I'm cumming!"
I thrust my hips with all my might, filling her honeypot with my seed.
"Hwaaaahhh!? Ahh... Mmgh... Eeeeep... Ahh... Aahhhhh!!"
She screams incoherently as she takes in my seed.
"W-Wow... Aahhhh... There's so much hot stuff... Haaah... It's filling my belly... Ahhhh!!"
Her first ever creampie makes her hips shake furiously as she basks in the pleasure of orgasm.
Milk fountains out of her nipples, dripping down her breasts before the Lickula frantically laps it all up.
"Ugh, uugh... Haah, haah..."
Despite having shot two loads in quick succession, my little guy's still raring to go. Is this thanks to my Ero-Magic?
Seems I've still some semen in store, as I'm ready for more. Maybe I'll regret it later, but I'll recover with lots of fluids later.
Looks like Naomin's got some stamina left, too. So let's go one more round! You know, to fight the monster!
"Mmgh... Aahhh!? E-Eeep, mm... Haah... W-Wait... I-I just came... Ahhhh!"
I don't even pull out before resuming my thrusting. She gives me a look of surprise mixed with joy.
"Wow... You're getting crazy hot inside... Uggh..."
When I rub myself against her hot, syrupy folds, her pussy playfully pulses and presses against my shaft.
I take that as a challenge and thrust even harder, slamming my lower half against her sweat and honey-soaked hips.
"Ahhh, n-nooo... If you keep fucking me... Mmgh, mmmgh, I-I'll go cwazy! Noo... It's so embarrassing...!"
"It's okay. Nobody's watching. Let me push you to the limit, Naomin."
"Y-You're so selfish... Mmgh, ahh... Wh-When is this thing gonna let me go? Ugh... It's gonna suck me dry..."
"Quit complaining! Be patient. I'll save you!"
She normally looks down on me, but now she's begging for help. She must be scared of being stuck in orgasm hell like this forever.
(I'm probably the only one who's ever seen the prickly Naomin make a face like this...)
The mere thought is enough to make my cock swell up.
Come to think of it, the Lickula's vines are slowing down a bit, too. Maybe it's almost full...?
If that's the case, time to go all in! I put all my strength into my hips, thrusting at a tempestuous pace.
"Eeeep... Ahh... Mmggh... Nooo, ahh, eep... Eeek! I'm really going cwazy! Shtoppp!"
"Keep fighting, Naomin! Give it everything you've got! C'mon, c'mon!"
I churn up her sticky love liquids as I grind my hips against her.
Every thrust I give her causes my tip to scoop some of my cum out of her pussy.
Each moan she lets out is accompanied by a splatter of my first load escaping from her ass.
The mere spectacle is overwhelming by itself.
"Eeeep! Nooo! No mooore! I can't keep fighting! It's impossible! I can't keep cumming anymore!"
Dammit, Naomin, quit whining already...!
"Hey! Nothing's impossible in this world! You need to be punished if you won't try harder!!"
The desire to punish the proud Naomin is too much to resist!
"Nooo! Noo, ahhh, don't thrust sho hard! You'll bweak me! I'm showwy! I can't! Eeeeep!!"
(Whoaaah! Did %i1Naomin%r just say she's sorry!? Holy shit, that's hot!)
It's so enthralling to see the normally proud Naomin reduced to such a pitiful state.
From this angle, her puffy mound looks like a cute upside-down heart. I savor its supple softness with each thrust.
Each rough stroke brings me all the way to her deepest depths.
"I'm cumming... I'm cumming... Ahhhh, don't look! Don't look at me when I'm cumming...!"
"I think I've already seen you cum lots of times! If you wanna cum, then just cum!"
Intoxicated by her pussy, I gather up the last of my strength for the final push.
"Ahhhhhhh! I'm cumminggggggg!!"
Naomin shouts out loud as she reaches orgasm.
"M-Me too...!"
After all my intense pounding, I finally explode once again into her pussy.
And, just because I can, this time I pull out mid-ejaculation.
"Pwaah!? Ah... Aahhhh!"
In the end, I can't resist the desire to defile her face with my seed.
My cloudy load splashes onto her face, clinging to her skin.
"Eek... Your hot stuff's spraying... all over me! Ahh, my face is all sticky... Mgh, I'm cumming!!"
I dye her regal brown skin white with my desire.
It's a sin to defile a dark elf's skin. Ahhh, the guilty pleasure is so dizzying.
It's so satisfying to stare at her orgasming in the shower of my semen. So satisfying, in fact, that I collapse on the spot.
"Haah... Haah... Haah..."
We both collapse after climaxing together.
We hardly even realize that the Lickula had let go of Naomin and scurried away.
The two of us gasp for air, sprawled out on the ground.
"Ughhhh... Uugghhh... I'm so embarrassed... I wanna go dig myself a hole and just disappear... Ugghhh..."
Ashamed by everything we've done, she tries to crawl away from me.
She's so exhausted, however, that she can barely squirm. She's getting away at a pace of a handspan an hour, tops.
At that rate, it'll be morning before she gets back to the academy, so I'll pretend to be asleep. For her sake.
