ルミア
炎厨矢
"Wow... Your snake's as hard as stone, Takumi-senpai!"
"I know, right? If you don't de-petrify me right away, it'll be completely different from that statue."
"O-Okay... Wh-What should I do?"
"Well, maybe you could, ahem, use those wonderful boobs you have..."
Without even a word's complaint, she starts to unbutton her blouse.
"I-Is this okay?"
"Yeah, just like that, stick it between them..."
Lumia-chan's pillowy softness starts swallowing up my rock-hard cock.
I feel her warm skin resting heavy on my hips, like two great marshmallows.
"Whoa...!"
(Wow, they're just as soft as I'd imagined!)
"D-Did that hurt?"
"No, not at all! Keep going, just like that."
She nods, and awkwardly begins her "de-petrification spell," as I suppose you could call it.
"Mmn, hahh... Mmmph, a-ahn..."
Her delicate hands are too small to even really manage the volume of her own voluptuousness, and she has to squish her breasts between her arms.
"Mmm, that's good, Lumia-chan..."
"G-Good... Mmph... I-It's so ridiculously hard, and, ahn, so hot... Hahh, hahh..."
My cock pulses as it pushes its way through her softness with almost a will of its own, like a hungry snake.
Lumia-chan blushes with a shamefaced expression, but nevertheless eagerly lets my shaft do as it pleases.
"Mmn, hahh... A-Ahn... Mmn, mmn... Ahnn!"
Her moans are like the squeaks of a cute little animal, so delicate compared to these massive boobs. The contrast only serves to excite me more.
"Now, just keep holding onto it tightly like that."
"Like this...?"
She pressed her arms together even harder, and my shaft is squashed by a marshmallowy sensation that feels like I'm being swallowed up.
With the Ero-Magic coursing through me, however, even her boobs can't completely contain my shaft.
"Your snake's getting even harder and even hotter, Takumi-senpai... Hahh, hahh..."
"Hmm, maybe we'll have to try something a little different, then."
"U-Umm... What would you like me to do?"
(Gah, she's such a nice, diligent girl, it almost feels wrong to do this kind of thing to her... But damn, it's hot!)
"Don't worry, just do what I tell you to, and I'm sure you'll make it better... Try moving your boobs up and down around it."
"O-Okay... Like this?"
She awkwardly starts to move her arms, and her breasts start to slide up and down along my shaft.
"Mmn, mmnph... Hahhn, mmm... A-Ahn..."
As should be expected of a first titfuck, she's not exactly the most skillful.
And yet that same clumsiness is somehow getting me even more excited.
It's so cute how determinedly she's trying to please me, and so erotic.
(Lumia-chan, you're goddamn adorable!)
"Mmnph... Y-Your snake is twitching around in my boobs... A-Ahn, am I doing something wrong?"
"No, no, that's just because it feels so good, Lumia-chan... Don't worry, just keep going."
She nods, and gradually her movements start to get larger and more confident.
"Hahhhn, mmn... Mm, mmn... Hahhn!"
Every time her softness squishes around me, my shaft throbs with pleasure.
Lumia-chan lets out a little moan each time it does, her breathing growing more and more ragged despite the embarrassment etched on her face.
I quiver every time I feel the heat of her breath tingling against the head of my cock.
"Ahn... Your snake's head is so purple, and so cute... It's twitching every time I breathe on it. I'll make it feel really good, okay?"
Her expression is slowly starting to change, growing softer as if she was looking lovingly at one of her own snakes.
"Mmn, that feels amazing... It feels great, Lumia-chan. I want even more..."
"Hahhhn, mmmn... Ahhn! Mmn, mmph... Hahhn, ahhhn!"
Her cheeks are stained a deep red with embarrassment and arousal.
Her movements are slowly growing more daring as she gets used to the feeling, and my tip soon starts to disappear in and out of her cleavage.
"Does that feel good, Takumi-senpai? Does your snake like that?"
(Gah, it's not fair to say stuff like that while looking up at me with those beautiful eyes!)
"It's twitching so much... It's so cute. Don't worry, I'll heal it right up with my boobs..."
"Mmm, please... I should have known you'd be so good at this. Snakes really are your thing, aren't they?"
"Hehe, I'm glad to hear that."
Not only is she getting used to the motions of a titfuck, she's becoming bolder in how she teases my cock, too.
"Mmn, hahh, ahhn... Mmmn, hahh, mmm, hehe... A-Ahn!"
As she envelops my shaft in her softness, she deliberately bathes its head in sweet, hot breath. The pressure is getting too much to handle.
"Hnngh, it feels so good!"
Jolts of pleasure run through me. It's hard to believe this girl had never given a titfuck before a few moments ago.
My heart is pulsing as the pressure starts to build up throughout my whole body.
"Hahhn, mmnph... Ahhn... Mmn, mmnph... Mmmn!"
My cock is bathed in her warmth, leaking pre-cum that starts to drip obscenely down Lumia-chan's boobs.
"Mmmn, your snake is getting all sweaty there, Takumi-senpai... Hehe, just hold on a little longer though, okay?"
Her skin is growing ever more slippery, and her breasts glide smoothly up and down my shaft.
The art room is filled with an perverted squelching sound with her every movement.
"Mmm, hahhn... Ahhn! Mmn, mm... Ahahnn!"
The sound seems to excite her even more, and Lumia-chan's moans grow ever more lascivious.
The slipperiness is making the pressure of her boobs even more overwhelming.
But still I find myself wanting even more, to see exactly how far I can push her.
"Lumia-chan, I...!"
"Hmm, what's wrong? Is this too much?"
She looks at me with an uneasy expression, tilting her head.
"No, in fact, it's not enough!"
"Huh?"
I start to thrust my hips back up against the rhythm of her movement.
"Hahhhn! W-Wait! Ahhn, you're being so rough! Ahn, ahhahhhnn!"
I powerfully drive my cock into the pillowy softness, as if I'm fucking a pussy.
Even in her surprise, Lumia-chan doesn't stop responding to my thrusts.
"T-Takumi-senpai... Mmph, ahn, wh-why are you sudden— Ahahhn!"
"I'm sorry, Lumia-chan! Your boobs just feel so good, I want more and more of them!"
I'm unable to hold back the lust raging inside me now. Even as I'm apologizing, I'm driving my shaft wantonly into her cleavage.
"Ahnn, ahhhn! Ahahn, hyahn! Mmn, ahnn!"
Her sweet moans grow even more high and mellifluous, tingling against the tip of my cock each time it nearly grazes her lips.
She squeezes even more forcefully to stop it escaping mid-thrust. It's so hot, tight and slippery, it truly is like fucking a breast pussy.
"Hnngh, Lumia-chan, yes, yes, just like that!"
I can hardly speak, as I moan animalistic sounds of pleasure.
All I can do is lose myself to the sensation and drive my shaft between her breasts like a carnal beast.
"Ahahhn! Ahnnn! Ahahhn! Mmnph, hyahhhn!"
The pleasure seems to transmit to Lumia-chan through her boobs too, and her moans grow as wild as mine.
She presses her breasts together with her arms with all her strength, tightening their hot, wet grip around me.
It feels like I could cum a million times from forcing myself into such a perfect breast pussy.
"Get ready, I'm going to go even harder, Lumia-chan!"
As much as I want to cum, however, thanks to the Ero-Magic making me stone hard, I don't think even this will be enough to calm me down.
(This is some super-powerful Ero-Magic to leave me wanting more even in this situation... I'm going to need to do something ridiculously erotic.)
In my mind now, all I can think about is how to get to that incredible moment.
"Hyaahhn, ahnn! Ahahhn! Mmn, ahn, mmph! Ahhn, ahnahnnn!"
Lumia-chan's moans are now deep and lustful, all the innocent cuteness replaced by the pleasure of being taken almost forcefully like this.
"Lumia-chan, this is the best thing I've ever felt!"
"Ah, ahnn, if your snake is... Ahahn, so rough with my boobs, I'll... Ahn, ahhnn, hyahhhn!"
The sound of wet flesh on wet flesh fills the art room as my hips slap against her underboobs.
Each thrust makes her enormous bosom jiggle like jelly.
"You're one to talk, Lumia-chan. I can see how turned on you are!"
I take her stiff nipples between my fingertips and give them a cruel little tweak.
"Eeeek! Takumi-senpai, not there! Ahhn, not so rough! Ahhn, mmnph, ahhhn!"
The instant I touch her nipples, she tenses up like an electric shock has been sent through her.
"They've gotten so stiff. Do you really like my snake that much?"
Her nipples are pleasantly pliable under my fingers, and yet so stiff and engorged.
(Hmm, I'm thinking there's something to the wisdom that the bigger the boobs, the more sensitive the nipples!)
"Ahhhn! Not my nipples! Ahhn, mmmnph, it feels too good, i-it's too much! Ahahn!"
The more I tease her nipples, the stiffer and more eager they get.
"I want you to feel even better, Lumia-chan! Show me just how cute and perverted you can be!"
Her moans have almost become animalistic screams from the double assault on her nipples and her breast pussy.
Her boobs' grip on my cock grows tighter the more her body tenses and bucks, squeezing my shaft with dizzying heat.
"Th-That's so embarrass— Ahhnn! Please, be gentle with me, Takumi-senpai, ahnn, ahahhnn!"
Despite her protests, I can sense her reason being slowly swallowed up by the waves of pleasure.
There's nothing else to do now but to go on the attack even more!
"Hyaaahhn! Ahnn! Ahahhn! Mmmn! AHHNN!!!"
She's not the only one losing her mind, though. Her moans and the heat of her breasts is eroding away everything in me but pure, animal lust.
I can feel my lust finally pushing at the absolute limits as my Ero-Magic spell is finally about to wear off.
"Lumia-chan, I... I'm about to cum...!"
I slam my hips against her with every ounce of strength I have, urging myself on to that final moment.
"Mmmn, ahahhhn! Ahnn! Hyahhn, ahnn, ahahhhnnn!"
Lumia-chan cries out desperately, the pleasure overwhelming her sense of shame at being taken like this.
"Lumia-chan! Lumia-chan!"
"Takumi-senpai! P-Please! I-I can't take it anymore! Ahahhnn! Hahhhn!"
Spurred on by her words, I finally feel myself ready to explode.
"Lumia-chan! I'm cumming!"
I shudder as the pressure inside me builds to boiling point.
I feel the Ero-Magic seal break, and my cock suddenly seems on the edge of rapturing apart.
"Hyaaahhhhnnn! Wh-What is— Ahhn, it's shooting all over me! Ahhhn, ahahhhnn!"
Every ounce of lust I've been building up inside me sprays out of my cock in thick, powerful jets.
It coats Lumia-chan's boobs in a thick, gooey layer of white.
"Hahhhn, it's so hot! I-I can't believe how much there is... Hahhn..."
Even as she blinks in shock at the fluid spilling across her body, she can't help but moan in ecstasy.
The sound drives spurt after spurt out of me, showering her even more.
"Lumia-chan, I'm not done yet!"
"Ahhn, your snake is going crazy in my boobs! There's still so much coming out! Ahhn, mmmnph!"
My cock twitches and jerks wildly in the slippery confines of her breast pussy.
She reflexively pushes her boobs together with her arms, clenching it even more tightly.
Being squished between these two enormous pillows, it's like she's trying to wring out every drop.
"Your snake is so amazing... It just won't stop! Please, shoot it all out, until it's not rock hard anymore! Ahnn, ahahhn!"
She eagerly takes every drop all over her delicate skin.
My snake stays happily spurting away until it's completely exhausted.
"Hahh, hahh... I can't believe how much I came..."
Finally, after painting Lumia-chan with a torrent of gooey whiteness that is now dripping from her face and tits, my cock is still.
"Hehe... Your hot, sticky cum is all over me... There's so much on my boobs..."
"I'm sorry, I couldn't hold back, and I came all over you..."
"Oh no, in fact, I'm kind of happy that it felt that good for you. To think you covered me in so much, it's... so exciting."
(I know she's kind of in the afterglow here, but I didn't expect her to be the type to get this into dirty stuff.)
She gazes down at her own cum-stained breasts with a dreamy look.
She's looking at it almost lustfully...
It's like she's giving off such womanly, sensual pheromones now, so unlike the sweet, cute girl she seemed before.
"Oh! T-Takumi-senpai... You're still so, umm..."
"I'm sorry, Lumia-chan. It doesn't seem like cumming once will be enough to de-petrify this."
She smiles at me, obviously glad to see her breast pussy was good enough to leave me wanting more.
"Tsk, what a greedy snake you've got. You came that much, and it still won't go down? What on earth are we going to do about this?"
"Hmm, maybe you should use your tongue to cast a de-petrification spell on it?"
"My... tongue?"
"Oh? Is that not alright?"
"N-No, it's just... Are you really fine with my tongue?"
She sticks it out, and, as I probably should have expected of a Gorgon, it's long, thin, and forked.
"Some of the girls in my class are scared of it, or disgusted by it, so I thought you might be too... Aahn, wh-what!?"
Even as she tries to explain her anxieties, I'm already thinking about what new stimulations that tongue could provide.
"I'm not scared or anything, don't you worry. In fact, I think that tongue could feel incredible. In fact, I can't wait!"
She looks stunned for a moment, but a smile quickly spreads across her face.
"Th-Thank you... No one's ever said that to me before. I'll make you feel really good, and finally de-petrify this thing, okay?"
Her tongue slithers down to wrap around the head of my cock as it sticks out from her cleavage.
"Mmmn, mwah... Mnph, *slurp*! *schlurp*!"
Her tongue flicks around my tip, licking up the remaining droplets of cum still covering it.
"Ahh! Th-This feels...!"
The fresh sensation of her reptilian tongue against my still-sensitive cock makes me shiver to my core.
"Mmnph... Your cum is kind of bitter... It's so thick, it's sticking to my tongue... Mmm, *gulp*..."
She rolls a thick globule around her tongue before swallowing it.
As expected, the sensation of it wrapping around my cock is already enough to make me throb.
"Mmm, yeah, keep tasting it like that..."
"Mmm, okay, hehe... I'll clean you up really nicely... Mmn, *slurp*! Mwah... *slurp* mmmn!"
Her tongue slithers even further out of her mouth, and seemingly without care for how sensitive I am now, it starts to lap at my tingling shaft.
"God, that feels amazing, Lumia-chan!"
It's a completely different feeling from a normal blowjob.
It slithers and wraps around my length, and starts to stroke it up and down.
It's the kind of movement I can only imagine a snake girl's tongue being able to do.
"Mmm, *slurp*... Mmnph, hahh... Mwah, *shlurp*... Mmmn, *slurp*!"
She massages my shaft with such lascivious eagerness that it's hard to believe she's never done this before. She's a natural.
And yet I can already tell that my rock-hard cock isn't going to be satisfied with just this.
"Mmn, *gulp*... Hahh, there we go, Takumi-senpai. All clean."
"O-Oh?"
I was so lost in the strange sensation that I hardly noticed her finish licking up all of my cum.
"Hehe... Does my tongue really feel that good?"
"Yeah, to be honest, it's even more amazing than I expected... I kinda want you to keep going."
"Hehe, okay then... Mmmn! Mmph, *schlurp*! *slurp*, mwah! Mmmn, *schlurrrp*!"
"Whoa! L-Lumia-chan— Hnngh!"
Her tongue envelops the entire head of my cock in hot, slimy wetness.
She wraps around my entire length, and starts to stroke up and down my shaft.
"Mmmn... Your shnake's sho tashty... *slurp*... Mwah, mmn! Mmn, *lick*, hahhn!"
She glances up at me to enjoy my expression as she takes my head into her mouth and starts to roll it against her tongue like candy.
The waves of pleasure it sends through me make my body burn up, and it feels as though she's sucking me into her mouth.
"Hehe, *schlurrrp*! Mmn, *lick*... Mwah... Hahhn, mmnph, *slurppp*!"
The art room fills with the obscene, wet sounds of her voracious mouth.
The pleasure is so intense that my cock is already starting to leak pre-cum.
"Mmn, it's starting to come out again... It's thinner than your cum, but it tashtes the shame, mmn... *schlurp*!"
"Nngh, Lumia-chan, if you do it that hard— Hnngh!"
She wraps her lips around the head of my cock and starts to greedily suck down my pre-cum.
It sends shudders of pleasure through me, and my hips buck as if trying to force myself even deeper into that hot, wet mouth.
"Mmmn! *schlurrrpp*! Mmn, mwah, hahhn... Ahn, *slurp*... Mmmn!"
Her tongue strokes me eagerly as she gulps down my pre-cum. Her expression is filled with joyful hunger... Is she really enjoying it this much?
That thought is enough to push an already intense pleasure into an overwhelming desire to fill her mouth with my cum right now.
But I wouldn't want to cut short her fun, would I? I desperately fight to hold myself back.
"Lumia-chan, please, use your mouth even more... Take my whole cock...!"
"Mmmnph! Ahn, *slurp*! Mmmn, mmn, mwahn... *schlurpp*!"
Her lips, still tightly wrapped around me, slide down my shaft, going almost down to the hilt.
Inside the heat of her mouth, her tongue winds around me and strokes me as my head pushes down her throat.
"Ahh, Lumia-chan! I-I—Hnngh!"
"Mmmnph! *schlurrp*! *slurp*... Mwahn, ahnn! Mmmnph, *slurrrp*!"
I don't need to finish my sentence. Understanding perfectly, Lumia-chan starts to bob her head eagerly.
It throbs and pulses in her tongue's slimy grip, swelling up even bigger.
"Mmn, hahhn... It'sh okay, cum ash much ash you like... Hahhn, *slurp*! Mmn, mwah, *schlurrp*!"
"Lumia-chan!"
She massages my cock with such intensity that I instinctively start to thrust my hips in rhythm with the furious bobbing of her head.
"Mmmnpgh!? T-Takumi-shenpai, mmnph! Ahn, *slurpp*! *schlurrppp*! Mmmnph!!!"
My cock thrusts into her mouth down to the base.
Lumia-chan is surprised, but she tightens her lips around my encroaching shaft and starts to wring it out even more wantonly.
Her tongue feverishly constricts around me, massaging me roughly and pushing me closer and closer to the brink.
"Lumia-chan, I, I, I'm going to cum!"
My most carnal instincts take over as I launch into one last, desperate spurt, driving my cock into the back of Lumia-chan's throat.
"Mmmgh, hhhngh! Mmn, mmn, *slurrrp*! *schlurrrp*! Mmmnph!"
I keep thrusting away into her hungrily sucking mouth until I can take no more.
"Lumia-chan, I'm cumming!"
I thrust one last time, then I pull my cock from her mouth.
My resistance breaks just as her long, slimy tongue slips from around it.
"Hyaahhhn! Th-There's... There's even more than there was before! Ahhhn, there's too much!"
My cum squirts up into the air in great jets, raining down on Lumia-chan like a fountain.
"Hnngh, it just won't stop!"
My cock throbs and pulses between her boobs, making them jiggle deliciously as I bathe them in sticky whiteness.
Lumia-chan moans as she feels the heat of my cum, trembling and arching her back.
"I can't believe there's so much... You're amazing, Takumi-senpai! Ahhn, it's covering me... It's like rain, but it's so hot... Hahhhhn!"
Even with how much I came earlier, my cock is erupting with an even greater torrent than before.
It must be my Ero-Magic that's allowing me to shower her with such inhuman amounts of sticky white cum.
"Hahhhn... It'sh sho tashty... Mmmnph, it's still coming out... Mmmn, *gulp* *gulp*!"
Lumia-chan opens her mouth wide and shamelessly sticks out that long, twisting tongue, gulping down mouthful after mouthful.
She drinks it down so happily, like delicious nectar, that I can't help but spray her with even more.
"I'm not finished yet... Hnngh!"
"Yesh, give me more... More of your cum! Mmmn, hahhnn!"
She lets my cum rain down like she's bathing herself, covering her face and her hair, filling her mouth and coating her boobs.
(I can't believe such a cute girl is happily covering herself in my cum... This is too hot!)
Seemingly endless streams of white liquid splash across every inch of her fair skin.
When I'm finally finished, my legs are shaking so much I can hardly stand.
How did I even cum this much? Ero-Magic really is a mystery...
"Hahhn, it's in my mouth, and on my face... And on my boobs, and in my belly too now... You've covered my whole body, Takumi-senpai... Hehe!"
Lumia-chan gazes down at her body with a lustful smile. She flicks out her tongue to sniff the cum-scented air, and lets out an obscene moan.
It's only her first time, and she's already this turned on by my cum!?
(I would never have thought as cute a girl as her was such a pervert... Not that I'm complaining!)
"Hahh, hahh... Thanks, Lumia-chan. That's de-petrified me good and prop— Huh?"
I look down at my crotch...
"Hmm, that's odd. I don't remember being that big when soft..."
There, still standing proud and furious, is my erection.
"That can't be right... Maybe I came so much that I'm seeing things."
I close my eyes, and take a deep breath. I look down again.
"Wow... Even though you came so much, it's still not de-petrified."
She sounds concerned, but she doesn't even try to hide the intensity with which she's staring at it.
"Ah, so it looks like that to you too?"
Well, it looks like I'm not seeing things after all.
(Tsk, so you still want more, Takumi Jr.?)
"Hehe... You really are a greedy snake, aren't you? Mwah!"
She plants a soft little kiss on the tip, and her tongue slides out to start lapping up every last drop of cum still dribbling down my shaft.
"Y-You don't have to do that. I'll do something about this myself, so..."
By the time my cock is de-petrified, the rest of my body is so exhausted that it feels like it's turned to stone.
Lumia-chan, however, happily continues her "de-petrification magic" until she's drained me of every last drop...
