オルガ
女子生徒Ａ
女子生徒Ｂ
炎厨矢
？？？
"Ngh!!"
I can barely breathe. And I can't see a thing! Just where the hell did I get sent to?
"What!?"
Wait a sec, I know that voice...
I'm almost wheezing, but for some reason, I don't mind? There's something about this spot that makes me want to rest my head here forever.
It's not too hot, and not too cold. Smells kinda nice, too. What kind of place IS this...?
"Huh!? Oh my god!! I— Wh-What are you doing here?! D-Don't you %i1dare%r look up!"
"Honestly, I don't know what to tell you. I tried teleporting, and ended up here. That's it."
"Ohhhhh!? Th-That's a likely story! Your spell just %i1happened%r to create a portal to the ladies' room!?"
"Mfph! Quit crushing me between your legs! You're only turning me on! But, yeah, I guess that's exactly what happened!"
Who would've thought I'd turn up in between a pretty pair of thighs just as some girl sat down to do her business? This is just perfect!
"Eeep! All right, I believe you, so hurry up and get out of here! Your breath tickles, and I... Ah! Aah..."
I push my face up against her pussy, and I glance up to see that she's practically dying of shame.
As if this situation wasn't hot enough. My dick's already so hard that it hurts.
(Well, since I'm here, I might as well enjoy the show!)
I mean, her pussy is literally directly in my face. When I go to lick the seductive slit, Olga's already panting.
"Yeeek! H-Hey! Wh-What're you... Aaah, no, d-don't lick me theeere!"
She clutches my head, desperately trying to push me away... Yeah, nope. None of that.
Wedging her legs open, I nuzzle my nose into her pussy like an over-eager dog, nodding my head up and down.
"Ahn! A-Ah... Aaahn! Nnh!"
She bolts upright in mortification, while her back arches in pleasure.
Olga suddenly grimaces, her face pulling taut as if she were fighting a losing battle against some unseen force.
"W-Wait... No, T-Takumi, move...! If you don't, I'll... Mnh!"
Olga squirms as she pleads with me, her thighs jiggling anxiously.
Right when I'm wondering what all %i1that%r could mean, the answer hits me.
"You weren't finished peeing yet, were you? Here, lemme help you with that."
I start to rub against Olga's pussy even more vigorously, encouraging to her to just let it all out.
"Aah! A-Aaah... Nh! Ooh! Aahn! Nghh...!"
She twists her mouth shut, biting back her moans. But, her eyes shimmer with a kind of hopeful anticipation.
Now, what kind of gentleman would I be if I didn't grant that unspoken wish? Just you wait, I'll do everything in my power to make it happen!
"N-No, stoooop... Aaah! D-Don't rub me like that... I-I'll... Aaah! I'll have to— Ooooh! Ngh! Hyaaahn!"
Hearing her sweet, sultry cries echoing though the bathroom stall is even %i1more%r of a turn-on.
"Did you get %i1any%r of that last lecture?"
"Nope, not in the least. It feels good though, not having to think about any of it."
"Huh!?"
Right while I'm slowly chipping away at her resolve, two bubbling voices waltz into the girls' washroom.
"H-Hey...! Th-There's someone here...! Aah! Nh! Y-You can't... Don't... Ah! Aah! Mnnh!"
"You know, if you get any louder, someone's going to hear you."
I couldn't care less if someone came bursting through this very door. I'm not gonna stop for %i1anything%r.
Resigned to my obvious dedication, Olga clamps her hands over her mouth, fiercely determined not to let so much as a peep pass her lips.
"Ahn! A-Ah...! Oooh! Ngh...!"
(But, just how long is that going to last? Let's put her to the test!)
I ramp it up, nuzzling her pussy with reckless abandon. Olga's thighs are trembling like crazy, but she's still holding strong.
(She's really hanging in here, huh? That's a crusader for you, I guess. Well, how about this?)
I push in even deeper, spreading the sopping wet folds of her pussy open wide as I stroke her slit with my nose.
As soon as I do, Olga's entire lower half starts shuddering violently. Realizing that she's about to lose control, I double down.
"Hrrrngh! Ah! Ooh! S-Stop... I-If you get any rougher, I'll... I-I can't... Mnghhh!"
Olga's resolve finally snaps. Like a dam breaking, a steady stream of urine starts to flow.
"Noooo! D-Don't watch...! I can't... I can't hold it back any longer!"
Now that she's gone past the point of no return, the stream slowly turns into a deluge.
Sitting right in the line of fire, my face gets drenched by the piss spraying out of her pussy.
"Mmn...!"
Olga's freshly brewed blend is... warm, with a pleasantly pungent erotic aroma.
It keeps on coming until my face is soaked right through.
Finally finished, Olga slumps, panting heavily, as humiliation and contentment dance across her face in equal parts.
"I-I can't believe you watched that from so close up... Y-You're an irredeemable pervert of the highest degree..."
"Why turn down a free front-row seat? Who wouldn't want to see you blissfully relieving yourself like that? I'll tidy things up for you."
With that, I push my face back against her pussy, stroking her slit with my tongue.
"A-Aah! Knock that off, y-you idiot! That's filthy!"
"No, it's not. This part of you is absolutely gorgeous... *slurp*...""
There's a surprising amount of liquid left dripping from her pussy's lips, and I use my tongue to lick every part perfectly clean.
The special treatment makes Olga whimper softly, and that adorable reaction only makes me want to lick her even more intensely.
"I swear, I could get addicted to the taste of your pussy..."
"Aaah! A-Ah! Mn! Ah! Aaahn! Mnh...!"
The more I lap at her lips, the more she pushes her hips towards me, hungry for more.
"You were begging me to stop before, and now you're desperate for it. Does this seriously feel %i1that%r good?"
"O-Of course... not. Y-You're wrong, it's just... My body's only moving on its own...! Aahn! Mmn... I-I'm not... Ooooh!"
"Oh, really? So, you wouldn't mind if I did... this?"
I push back into her pussy, sucking at the soaking wet folds.
"Yeeeek!"
Olga shrieks, her voice high and clear. It's so melodic, I just %i1have%r to hear it again. So, I suck up even more of her luscious nectar.
I slurp down the juices that collect in my mouth, while crude squelching sounds echo in my ears.
The sweet, juicy taste of her is making me lose all sense of reason, along with any semblance of control.
"For all that talk of hating it, your pussy's pumping out more than I can swallow. You sure must've %i1loved%r having an audience for your one-woman show."
"Aaah! A-Aah! Mn! Ah! Aahn! Ngh...!"
Olga shakes her head in vehement denial, but her masochistic side is absolutely reveling in the attention, her body quivering with delight.
"Between your two pairs of lips, I like these bottom ones a lot better. They're honest, and so much easier to please. So, as a reward..."
I tilt my head up slightly, using my tongue to part the folds that envelop her clit, licking the newly exposed nib.
"Yeeeeeek!"
There it is again—that lovely, high-pitched squeal. I never would've imagined that she could moan so sweetly. It makes me want her even more.
I savagely swirl the tip of my tongue around the throbbing mound, teasing her clit to a tight point.
Then I take it between my lips, to deliver the finishing blow.
"...*suck* *suck*..."
"Aaah! Haah... Nnh! Ooh! Aaahn... Ngh!"
Olga is babbling and barely coherent as my tongue does lap after lap of her most sensitive spot.
She starts to tremble, her legs lifting slightly off the toilet seat as moisture gushes out from deep between her thighs, mingling with my saliva.
"Dirty %i1again%r? You should be ashamed of yourself... Well, I guess I'll just have to give you a %i1deep%r clean."
I start licking each fold of her pussy clean again. Once I've pushed through to the center, I thrust my tongue deep into her entrance.
"A-Aahn! Y-You can't... Aah! Not there... Mmn! If you lick me there, I'll... Aaah! Haaaahn!"
Ignoring her half-hearted protests, I bury my face as far into her pussy as it can go, thrusting my tongue deep inside her.
I caress the soft, warm interior with my tongue, coaxing out even more of her sweet nectar.
"Ahn! A-Ah... Nh! Hff... Ah! Ooh... Nhh!"
I keep licking inside her with the deepest kiss I've ever given. Craving more of the sensation, she presses her hips firmly into my face.
I can't see anything but dark pink. I keep working my tongue until I can hardly breathe.
"Mnn... Pwah!"
She doesn't notice the top half of her uniform slipping down, exposing her chest. All her training keeps those bouncing boobs nice and pert.
"Your tits must be jealous of your pussy, if they're popping out like that. Want me to lick them too?"
Her bright pink nipples stand out like beacons against her pale skin; their centers already firm peaks, thanks to all the stimulation down below.
It's not just that her tits are huge—they're perfectly proportioned pieces of erotic art.
"A-As if! It's only natural that such... intense motion... would dislodge them... D-Don't stare so much, it's embarrassing."
That's a pretty standard excuse for this plucky crusader... Which just makes me want to torment her even more. So, I slip a finger up her ass.
"Ngaaaaah! T-Takumi! D-Don't stick your finger %i1there%r! Th-That's my... Aah! Nh! Nmmmn!"
"Huh, even your ass's been whipped into shape. You could snap someone's finger off."
I stick my finger in a little deeper, toying with with the puckered flesh. Olga treats me to a set of expressions that I've never seen before.
Driven by a desire to see more, I plunge my finger in, right down to the knuckle.
"Nnnngh! Nh! Ah... Mn! Mnnngh!!"
That swift stab makes Olga cry out in a silent shriek, her ass raising even higher.
She grits her teeth, desperately fighting a losing battle against the newfound pleasure of ass-play.
Every now and again she lets out a "Stop that!" or "Take it out!", but the way she's eagerly grinding her hips lets me know to keep going.
"Ahn! A-Aah... Nh! Hff... Ah! Aaahn! Aaaah!"
"C'mon, there's no way I'd deprive you of something you're enjoying %i1that%r much."
I can see from my up close and personal view of her pussy that's she's loving this...
Because it's soaking wet again.
I wedge my tongue back between the folds, licking deeply as I tease the inside of her ass all the while.
"Aah! Oooh... Nh! Ah! Aahn... Ngh!"
Olga's legs start to quiver, as the stimulation from both entrances hits her in waves of unstoppable pleasure.
"Ah! Aah... Nnh! T-Takumi... Not both! I'll... I'm going to lose control! Aah! Not again... Haaaahn!"
For all that she's fighting it, the intense pleasure's too much for her to bear. Olga's moans get longer and louder, almost melting into one.
Knowing full well what that means, I lick and stroke Olga more insistently, skyrocketing her into ecstasy.
"So what? Go on, give in!"
Olga keeps muttering her rebuttals, while she quivers in unrestrained delight.
"Nghhh! Mn! Ah... Nnh... Nghhh!!"
Trembling, Olga does her best to endure, but even she's no match for my relentless barrage. She shudders violently, her mind blank with pleasure.
"Hnnnngh!! N-No! D-Don't look %i1there%r! Not while I'm c-cumming... Aaah! H-Haaahn!!"
Locked in the throes of climax, countless tremors course through her body.
Then, like a dam bursting, a warm liquid shoots out of her pussy at point-blank range, squirting me in the face and absolutely drenching me.
"You s-saw that... You saw me wet myself, then watched me cum too... Right up close... Aaah! This is mortifying, but I... I can't help it..."
Maybe it was the thrill of being watched that got her so wound up that she keeps on squirting intermittently.
Each time a shudder surges through her, I get another blast to the face.
(Well, it goes without saying that getting to see someone so stubborn cum that hard would be a massive turn-on.)
Licking my lips clean, I drink in Olga's thoroughly embarrassed and completely disheveled look.
Before turning my attention to the throbbing beast that's straining to break free from my pants.
I can't wait another minute. I whip out my dick, ready for action.
"H-Hang on... If you're already that hard, just what new humiliation do you have planned next? Huff... Huff..."
For someone who %i1just%r came, Olga's eyeing my cock pretty eagerly.
Olga's boobs had been tauntingly bouncing out of my reach this whole time. I grab those luscious mounds and sandwich my dick right between them.
"Mnnh! I-It's soooo hot! A-Ah... My breasts feel like they're going to melt...! I... Nh! Aah..."
Olga moans, driven wild by the feeling of my red-hot shaft pushing into her tits for the first time.
I drive my dick even deeper into her needlessly large boobs, burying it to the hilt.
(Oh my god... Titty-fucking Olga is just too good...!)
Fully wedged between the slick, sweaty cavern of her tits, the soft yet firm pressure feels amazing.
My cock's been dying for some action, so I can't help but keep thrusting faster and faster.
"S-Stop that! Grinding against me like that, it's... disgusting! A-Aah! It's t-too much! You're driving me c-crazy! Ngh!"
Her boobs flow with the movement of my hips, bouncing and jiggling in a steady motion.
"Oh, damn! This really feels just like a pussy!"
I can't say that I expected anything less from this crusader's fabulous cleavage, though.
It doesn't take long before my dick is glistening with moisture, making the tits-turned-pussy even more luxuriously lubricated.
"Aah! W-With your dick grinding in between my boobs like that, I...! Ngh! It feels like they're going to catch on fire! A-Aah! Ahn! Aaahn!"
The extra wetness makes thrusting a breeze, and the sensation just keeps getting better and better.
"Hey, you peed on me earlier. It's only fair that I get to make my mark on your tits this time!"
I subtly change the angle of my hips, making sure to get every last inch of skin coated in my juices.
"D-Don't you da— Aah! I don't want your stench on my chest, that's...! Aaah! Mn! Haaahn!"
Her boobs beg to differ, though, as they caress my cock with welcoming quivers.
Their sweet, plump pressure has my dick twitching in anticipation.
Seeming to sense what's about to come next, Olga looks up, expectantly.
Which, of course, only makes me thrust even more frantically...
My hips keep grinding away, focused on one, singular goal.
"Aah! A-Aaah! Nh! Oh! Aahn... Ngh!"
My dick's been desperate for attention ever since I first popped into the girls' washroom.
Ready to burst, I bury myself as deeply in her boobs as I can possibly go.
"Ready or not, here I cum!"
I have just enough time for one last, powerful thrust. The friction from her tits is so intensely satisfying, I feel it deep in my core.
"Nghaaaaa! Your dick just... exploded in my boobs! I-It's so hot... A-Ah... Nh! Aaaahn!!"
I shoot straight up into her cleavage, pumping out the flood of cum that I'd been holding back all this time.
The sticky liquid splashes up in between her boobs, coating everything in a shimmering white glaze.
"Whoa, damn... It's still going!"
Even the sizeable valley between her tits can't contain all this cum, which starts to trickle down through the cracks.
Olga lets out a sensual moan, overcome by the entirely new sensation.
Satiated, I slip my dick out from between her breasts.
"Phew... There, now we're even."
I watch, mesmerized, as my cum drips down Olga's boobs.
"I-I can't believe you just came between my boobs... Takumi, you... you... degenerate pervert... Huff... Huff..."
"Aw, I'll take that as a compliment. But, well, with that much cum, I might've gone and gotten your tits knocked up."
"You mean... pregnant?"
"U-Uh... Wait, you..."
I was only kidding, but Olga's turned such a deep shade of crimson that her reaction is impossible to ignore.
It's not lost on my dick, either—which is already standing at attention, itching to plunge into Olga's pussy.
"T-Takumi...? What are you..."
I help the passion-dazed Olga back on to her feet, turning her ass towards me.
"Isn't it obvious? I'm gonna pump you so full of sperm that you're bound to get pregnant."
Grabbing her firmly by the hips, I rub the tip of my dick along her soaking wet slit.
I use my entire length to torment and tease her, bathing my dick in her juices.
"A-Aah... N-Not there... I-If you do, I'll... I really will brea— Yeeek!"
This time, Olga's stubborn defiance earns her a swift slap on the ass.
She cries out, the shrill sound amplified by the crack of my hand on her exposed skin.
Olga turns back to glare at me, her expression a blend of shock, confusion, and pain.
"C'mon, why would you even bother telling such a blatant lie?"
"I-I'm not lying, I... Yeeeek!"
Her shriek echoes against the sharp sound of another spank.
"Lier. What you %i1really%r want me to do is to stick my dick into that soft pussy of yours. Isn't that what your body's trying to tell me?"
"Th-That's... No, of course not! I-I'm... A-Aaahn!"
"I'm just gonna keep smacking your ass until you start being honest with me. Unless you're lying because you %i1want%r to be spanked?"
"I mean, you shiver each time I do smack you. Feels good, doesn't it?"
"Haaahn! O-Of course not! Who %i1wouldn't%r react like that to... s-something like tha— A-Aaahn!"
We go back and forth like this until Olga can't control herself any longer.
She starts grinding against me, digging my cock deeper into the folds of her pussy.
"I-I can't...help myself...! Oooh, this is all %i1your%r fault! Everything %i1stings%r and I can't s-stop... Aaah!"
"Good, so you're finally listening to reason. Or your bottom half is, at least."
Overcome by desire, Olga keeps pushing for more. She glances back at me, with a look that practically screams that this isn't enough for her.
"Guess it's time for me to take things up a notch."
I plunge into her greedy pussy in one smooth stroke, driving my dick as deep as possible.
"A-Aaaaaahn!! Your dick, i-it's... Aah! It's sooo big! And you're so... soooo deep! Oooh! Aaaaahn!"
The second I slip inside her, Olga lets out a passionate wail. She's so turned on, she can barely string two words together.
Her pussy instantly clenches around me, with an intense pressure that proves just how badly she wanted this.
"Oh, damn... This is amazing!"
Her muscles move in luscious waves, squeezing me tightly.
I push in slowly, hindered her by pussy constricting.
"Aaah! A-Aah! Mnh! Ah! Aaaahn! Ngh...!"
Each thrust makes Olga moan with delight.
The soft, supple warmth of her pussy wrapped around my dick resonates throughout my whole body.
I could spend an eternity savoring the sensation of being inside her, stroking for as long as possible.
Except that Olga %i1still%r isn't satisfied. She pushes her ass up against my thighs, working her hips harder than ever.
She really is a true-blue masochist.
"All right, already... Hang on tight!"
I thrust even more forcefully, giving Olga just what she'd asked for.
"Aaaahn! A-Aah! Ah! Ooooh! Haaah... Nh! Aahn!"
The vigorous pounding makes Olga cry out in pure delight.
Those moans of pleasure make her pussy clench even tighter. Really, her enjoyment couldn't be any more obvious.
Her passionate reactions just add more fuel to the fire, pushing me to new heights.
"Ahn! A-Ah... Mn... Huff... Ah! Oooh! Aaaahn!"
Olga's given up on maintaining any sense of dignity, moaning in wanton abandon.
Panting and at the mercy of her masochistic tendencies, pointing that out only makes her pussy squeeze me even tighter.
And seeing that total loss of control makes me want to torment her even more.
I keep up the grueling pace, thrusting more deeply with every stroke until I can't go any farther.
"Aaaaahn! Oooh! A-Aaaahn! Haaah... Nh! Aaahn!"
The harder I pound away at her pussy, the sexier Olga's moans get.
She's always so frigid that getting to see her thaw like this is fascinating.
"You know, the more you moan, the harder I get. But man, I didn't think an upstanding crusader like you could even make those kinds of sounds."
"Who'd have thought that this prudish knight would ever find herself getting it on in a bathroom stall?"
"H-Hmph! If you're trying to shame me, then I'll just shut you out... Aaahn! Y-You can't break me, my will's t-too... Ngh!"
"Oh, really? Then you won't mind if I do... this!"
I shift my hips, changing the angle of the thrusts, to reach a few of her more neglected areas.
"A-Aaahn! Oooh! Ah! Aaaahn! Huff... Nh! Aahn!"
Of course, my efforts are received with increasing enthusiasm.
"A-Ah! Your dick, it's soooo hard! Aah! Nh! Oooh, you're rubbing my pussy raaaaw... Aaah! Ah! Hgn!"
Looks like I've got the harder head, after all.
"I'd say you're doing the opposite of shutting me out. I guess you're pretty weak-willed, huh?"
My desire to keep teasing her is second only to the temptation to grab her tits, bouncing and swaying hypnotically this whole time.
"...Yeah, it's gotta be the boobs!"
"Ahn! A-Aaah... Nh! Huff... Ah... Haaah... Aaahn!"
Sweat drips from her dangling boobs, Olga cries out as I snatch them, shuddering in pleasure.
"Olga, your tits are the most soothing things in the world."
They sit like silken weights in the palm of my hand—hoisting them up makes them billow even more, my fingers sink into the soft flesh.
Groping them from the front is one thing, but feeling her up from the back is a whole different experience.
"Noooo... S-Stop stroking them like thaaaat... I-It's so... You can't just... Ooh! Ah... Haaahn..."
"If you're gonna dangle those gems in front of me, there's no way I can resist!"
"I-I told you, that's... Aaah! Ah! Aaahn! Not what I... A-Aah! Nnh! Aaaahn!"
For all her attempts to deny the pleasure she's feeling, she can't even finish a full sentence.
Her temperature is rising, beads of sweat start to run down her spine.
Still fondling her boobs, I bend over to lick those droplets with my tongue, stringing kisses along her back.
"Yeeek! T-Takumi...? Wh-What are you... Oooh! D-Don't lick me there... You p-pervert! Aaaahn!"
Olga shudders, as a shock of pleasure course through her.
Those ripples of movement guide me in even deeper, ramping up our rhythm.
The sharp sound of my thighs striking her ass echoes throughout the little cubicle.
"T-Takumiii... D-Don't... If you get any rougher with meeee... someone'll h-hear us... Aahn! Nh! Mnn!"
"Oh, don't worry about that. I cast a silencing spell ages ago."
"You %i1what%r!? S-Since when!? A-Aaahn!!"
"Wow, you must %i1really%r be into this if you missed me casting an entire spell."
The glare I get is an interesting mix of annoyance, shame, and arousal.
"C'mon, don't give me that look—that just means I can make you feel even better. Besides, now you don't have to bother trying to be quiet."
"Aaaahn! A-Aah! Ah! Ooooh! Haah... Nh! Aaahn!"
I keep thrusting, driving my dick in up to the hilt each time.
I didn't think it was possible, but Olga starts to moan even more loudly than before.
Watching her come undone only makes me want to give it to her even harder.
I can feel the smoldering heat radiating from her body, my dick throbbing with the burning need to finally let everything loose.
"Haaaahn! Mnn! Ah! Haaaah... Nh... Aaahn!"
Olga's moans get higher and longer, as she starts to reach the breaking point.
I thrust with all of my might, racing towards the finish line with Olga matching the blistering pace.
Our movements are amplified by the slick sounds of our bodies coming together.
"Ahn! A-Ah... Nh! Huff... Ah... Ahn! Haaah!"
We keep working, relentlessly driving each other to the climax.
It doesn't take long before we're unable to hold back.
"Get ready, here it comes!"
I drive my dick as deep as it can go, Olga gasping the instant I hit my peak.
"Aaaaaaahn!! I-I'm cuuuumming! Oooh... Th-There's soooo muuuuch!"
Olga moans in delight as the thick wave of cum hits her.
I keep pumping into her, staking my claim on her pussy as I paint it white.
Caught in the throes of pleasure, Olga shudders as her pussy bathes my cock in warmth.
"W-We're in a %i1washroom%r but I... Aaah... Nnh! Oooh, your cum's so thick and waaarm... A-Aaaahn!"
Olga's abandoned any and all sense of dignity as she lets out a quivering moan, melting into the sensations that still echo through her body.
Thoroughly aroused by the thick rush of cum, her pussy clamps down even harder on my dick.
"Ngh... Damn, that's tight..."
It feels like she's trying to squeeze out every last drop, her hips still bouncing well after she's finished cumming.
It takes a while before those waves of pleasure finally subside.
"Huff... Huff... That was amazing..."
Cumming for the second time today leaves me pleasantly worn out.
Well, most of me, anyways. My dick's already raring to go a third time.
"There, now your pussy belongs to %i1me%r."
I slowly shift my hips, getting ready for round three.
"Huff.. Huff... Don't you dare think... I'm that easy to claim..."
"What's wrong with belonging to someone? Besides, your pussy's already got my dick memorized from end to end."
"Besides, you were moaning so sweetly when I came inside you. It couldn't have been any more adorable."
"S-Shut uuup... A-Aah... Don't... Nnh!"
"What's that? You're going to have to be more specific. All I can hear is panting."
The cum that I'd just shot up into her slowly starts to dribble out of her pussy.
"Jeez, you're letting all my hard work go to waste."
The thick flow increases, dripping down her thighs, pooling in her lowered panties.
"W-Well, there's nothing I can... A-Ah... It keeps coming out... Nh! Mnn..."
I don't think she realizes it, but the more I taunt her, the more her plump ass wriggles in delight.
Maybe it's because of all the fingering I was doing earlier, but... looking a little more closely, even her asshole's twitching.
"I'll just have to replace what you've lost. This spot back here ought to have %i1plenty%r of room."
"Y-You don't mean... You can't be serious...! Y-You'd never get anything that big in there... Would you?"
"Well, wouldn't you want to know? Don't worry, it'll be fine. Your finely honed figure'll be able to take my dick, easy."
I slide my dick out of her pussy, but just as I line it up with her back end, I'm stuck by a sudden idea.
"...Hold still, Olga."
Eager to try something, I pull Olga's panties and nylons back into place.
Then I rip a gaping hole in them, exposing her ass and pussy all over again.
"%i1Th-That's%r what all that fuss was about? Huff... Huff... You p-pervert... Not like that word does %i1you%r any just— Hngh!?"
I nip her rant in the bud by pushing my dick in her butt.
"A-Aaahn! I-It's too t-tight! Y-You're too biiiig!"
I push against the tense resistance, slowly gaining traction.
The pressure's even more intense than when I was in her pussy. And since I just came, the sensation's almost too strong.
"O-Oh my god, this is... Wow."
Fighting to keep my cool while her ass clenches around me, I slowly open her up to her first anal experience.
"Y-You're getting so deeeep... Nh! Th-This hurts, but... I-I'll show you! I can take this muuuch...! Hnnngh!"
"Ngh... Olga, you've got to relax a little more."
Unaccustomed to anal, Olga's body seizes up, and I struggle to get my dick all the way in.
Telling her to relax didn't do a thing, either. At this rate, we're not going to get anywhere. Time for me to take it up a notch.
"A-Aaahn! Aaah! Ooh... Aaaahn! Haah... Nh! Aahn!"
Grabbing those impossibly large, dangling tits of hers, I massage them mercilessly.
I grope, stroke and pinch her boobs, fondling them in any and every way I can think of.
"Ahn! A-Aah... Nh! Huff... Ah... Haaah... Aaaahn!"
The stiff peaks of her nipples are too easy to tease. The resulting reactions are so sweet that I could keep doing this forever.
"There, that's better. You're a little looser now."
I run kisses along her back, licking and sucking as I trace her spine with my tongue.
"Aaah! O-Ooh... Nnh! Ah! Aaahn! Hnngh...!"
Thanks to the combined stimulation, Olga finally starts to relax.
Which opens her up just enough for me to go the rest of the way.
Taking advantage of that tiny window of opportunity, I thrust up in one smooth stroke, driving my dick up all the way into her.
"Aaaaaahn!! I-It's all the way iiiin! Nnh... Hgn... Haaaahn!"
Settling into the sensation, Olga moans even more lewdly than she has all day.
She's loosened up so much that the previous struggle feels like a distant memory.
"And now another one of your firsts belongs to me."
"Huff... Huff... B-Because you %i1stole%r them all... Along with my dignity... And priiiide... You took everyth— Aaahn!"
(It's not stealing when you toss them to the wayside yourself, though.)
"Oh, really? Why don't we put that to the test? Let's see if your so-called pride can protect you from this!"
Grabbing her hips firmly, I plunge my dick deep into her ass pussy.
"A-Aaahn! Aaah! Ah! Aaaaahn! Haaah... Nh! A-Ahn!"
I thrust over and over, getting her too-tight ass used to having a dick in it.
Overwhelmed by the entirely new sensation, Olga's steadily losing to her growing desire.
"What's wrong? Giving up already?"
She shakes her head in vehement denial, still stubbornly trying to stay in control.
"Okay then, take this!"
I double down, grinding against her ass as I grope the hell out of her tits.
"A-Aaaahn! Th-That's too muuuuch! D-Don't do booooth! Oooh! Ah... A-Aaaahn!"
Olga's quickly caving, her legs trembling like mad.
Wait, haven't I seen this before? The second I have that thought, though, the answer isn't too far behind.
"A-Aah! Nooo, not a-agaaain...! I couldn't... Nnh! I-I can't stop! Hngh!"
Driven over the edge, Olga wets herself for the second time today.
The flood of piss seeps into her panties and stockings, spreading out into a sizeable stain.
"And you're %i1still%r going? Jeez, you really are shameless."
Mocking her only makes Olga even more flustered. Nothing can stop the flow. Her pretty little panties squelch with the slightest movement.
Not that a distraction like this would break my stride, though. I've been pounding her ass this whole time.
"I thought crusaders had grace and gravitas... Yet here you are, standing in a puddle of your own pee, your panties completely soaked through."
"Th-That's not... Oooh! Nh... A-Aaahn! S-Stoooop! Don't look at meeee...! Aah! Mnnn! Haaaaah!!"
Olga squirms, unable to hold back either her pleasure at being put down or from the relief of no longer holding in her stream of piss.
"Seeing you relieve yourself makes me wanna do the same. And, since I've already gone and made myself comfortable back here..."
"W-Wait, you don't mean...? Aah! Y-You want to cum th-there...? Nh! Oooh! Ah... Ngh! Ah! Hrngh!"
She might sound nervous, but her eyes are shimmering with eager anticipation.
"What, like you think you can stop me? Give up, your ass is mine!"
I grind against her in deep, punishing strokes, holding out for the right moment to really let loose.
"Aaaaahn! Aaah! Ooh! Aaahn! Haaah... Nh! Aaahn!"
Tired of waiting for Olga to finish her business, I shove my dick up as far as it'll go.
That rush of sensation makes my cock get even harder, stretching her ass pussy out nice and wide.
"A-Aaaaaahn!! Y-Your cuuuum... It's soooo thick and waaaarm...! A-Aah... It's c-coating my buuuuutt!!"
Out of all three of today's loads, this one's the biggest. Must be in honor of Olga's first anal experience.
It doesn't take long before her ass pussy is stuffed with as much cum as it can handle.
As her ass clenches around my dick in sheer pleasure, there's barely any room left back there.
"Aah... It's not stoooopping... I-I can't... hold it in any moooore..."
Olga's still going strong, piss streaming from her pussy as if in celebration.
Watching a girl pee her pants while you're cumming inside of her is %i1unbelievably%r hot.
"N-Ngh! I-I'm still cumming!"
When it feels like her ass is full, I pull out.
My still-throbbing dick shoots an arc of cum straight onto Olga's back.
"Ugh, n-now it's %i1everywhere%r... Huff... Huff... I really am... Nnh... no match for yooou... Haaah..."
Worn out and covered in cum, Olga is barely lucid.
It isn't until I stop spurting that she finally runs out of steam. Legs trembling, she lets out a soft sigh of relief.
"Yeeeek!"
I glance up in time to see my cum, well, come dribbling out of her asshole.
My dick, on the other hand, can't be beat. It's standing tall and proud, thick and ready to go another round.
"A-After all that, you're %i1still%r not satisfied? Huff... Huff..."
Olga eyes my rock-hard cock with a hungry stare that's definitely unbecoming of a so-called crusader.
