オルガ
カトレーヌ
マッサージ機
The shower room door opens. Catherine-senpai and Olga, both freshly towel-dried, come out.
"Whew... Oh? I've never seen this equipment before. Is it new? Did it just get installed today?"
Catherine-senpai sighs soothingly, causing her divinely seductive boobs to bounce.
" Hmm... 'Use your mana for a ten-minute massage and relieve your fatigue!' Hmm... I guess this part rubs your back and shoulders."
Olga frowns as she glares at me... or rather, at the massage machine.
You know, for a masochistic knight, she's actually kind of cautious.
C'mon, don't sweat the small stuff. Now stuff your big butt on my face, please.
Still suspicious, Olga sits on the massage machine first. Just like in RPGs, knights lead the party.
Her bare back and butt cling to me perfectly. All I can do is let out a silent sigh of wonder.
Whoa... Th-This is incredible. She smells kinda nice, too. ♪
She just came fresh out of the shower, so the faint scent of rosy soap drifts off her body.
I can feel her warm skin. Knight or not, a woman is a woman. While her muscles might be hard, her skin's still soft.
Oh my god, this is too good to be true! Push back on me harder... Heheheh... Lemme lick your nape... Mwah...
"...Eeep!?"
Olga flinches away, jumping off the massage machine.
"Wh-What was that? For a second there, I sensed a wicked presence..."
Tch, how perceptive of you... I thought you were just a masochistic knight, but I guess I underestimated you, crusader.
"That presence... No, it couldn't be..."
Olga blushes as, for some reason, she starts rubbing her inner thighs together. Maybe she's really sensitive to my presence.
Is that because she's a knight, or because she's a masochist?
"Ah, would you look at the time! If we don't change quick, we'll be late for our next lesson."
Catherine-senpai, Olga, and the other students quickly get changed and disperse.
...
(Whew... I didn't know what to expect at first, but transforming into a massage machine in the girls' locker room is pretty nice.)
I breathe in the locker room air, savoring it like the clear wind atop a mountain peak.
The scent of shampoo and soap is incredible. In the form of a man, I could never enter the academy's holy land: the girls' locker room.
It's so wonderful to just waltz in here and stand out in the open!
%150;...As a massage machine!
You see, just a few moments ago, I used an Ero-Magic that "transforms you into a massage machine," and here I am now.
It feels incredibly strange, yet also incredibly exciting.
I think there's a masterpiece Taisho-era novel where the protagonist hid in a leather seat, groping any woman who sat on it.
Now I know exactly how that feels! Particularly in my lower half!
With this skill, I can grope girls' shoulders, breasts, thighs, and crotches all I want, and nobody will ever be the wiser! Right...?
