ナオミン
ムンムン
炎厨矢
"Ahhn, I didn't ask you to lubricate my pussy too! ♪"
"Hahh, hahh... You're the only person I'd let give me an oil massage, you know? You'd better be grateful... Ahnn!"
Today I've traveled to a little resort far away from the school with Naomin and her mother, Muhnmuhn-san.
We were just supposed to be coming here to swim in the lake and do a little sunbathing, but, inevitably, my Ero-Magic kicked in.
I don't know why these two would even need to sunbathe anyway!
Instead, Muhnmuhn-san is bathing my cock in her love juices right now.
She's one hell of a MILF, too. Her boobs are just as huge as Naomin's, and they've got the same fantastic springiness.
Since elves live such long lives, I suppose she must be pretty young.
Her pussy's clenching me so tight you'd not just think she hadn't had a kid, you'd think she was a virgin entirely. 
"Ahhhn, ahhn... Hyahhhn! Ahhn, I shouldn't be doing this, but it feels so good..."
"Ahhhn, Mama... Don't lick them... Hahhn!"
Muhnmuhn-san is squishing her boobs against Naomin's face in a kind of boob sixty-nine.
As I thrust into her, the mother and daughter tease and torment each other's nipples.
Of course, thanks to my Ero-Magic, milk is squirting out of their tits in delicious rivers.
"Hahh, ahhhn! When did you get so big? You've got perfectly adult, lewd nipples too... Mmn, mwah, *slurp*!"
"Ahhn, Mama, stop... We can't do dirty things in front of %i1him%r, of all people... I'm the class president... Hyahn!"
"Tsk, you shouldn't be class president when you've got such rude tits. Muhnmuhn-san, give her nipples a real seeing-to!"
I ram my hips against hers in encouragement.
She's got the perfect big, round mom butt. It's jiggling like it wants a proper slamming!
"Hahhn, I can't believe I'm being fucked by this amazing cock... Ahhhn!"
"Well, you'd better believe it! You really think your pussy would be twitching this much if you weren't?"
"Hahh, hahhh, you really are a dirty boy... If you want me to believe it, prove it! Ahahhn!"
Muhnmuhn-san pushes her hips back against me with every thrust.
The way her pussy clenches around my shaft every time feels incredible! I can see her asshole twitching cutely too.
I can tell just how much this perverted elf MILF wants my cock!
I grab hold of her big, plump thighs and pull them back against me every time I drive into her.
"Hahhn, yes! Massage my pussy, all the way to my deepest parts... Ahhn!"
"M-Mama, s-stop being so obscene... A noble dark elf shouldn't be losing herself to a cock like this..."
I slam my hips against hers, just as she wants.
Her pussy walls are so hot and slippery around my shaft that I feel like I could melt into her.
"Hahh, hahhh... Hnngh, take every inch, Muhnmuhn-san!"
"Ahhnn, hahhhn! You're being so rough! I just can't stop myself! Ahahhhhnn!"
"S-Stop, Mama! You're slamming your hips against his so lewdly... It's so perverted!"
Our hips slap together in a furious rhythm as she forces herself back against my thrusts.
It's like she's attacking me even more aggressively than I am her!
"D-Don't start getting addicted to his cock or anything! That way lies only regret! Hahhn..."
"It's so amazing, though... I need this cock in my life... Ahhn!"
Her pussy twitches around my shaft with feverish intensity as she edges closer and closer to the edge of something overwhelming.
I ram against her big, thick ass as hard as I can.
"Mmnn! Ahhhn! Ahahhn, mmmn!"
Muhnmuhn-san bucks and writhes on top of me, her tongue lolling out as she feels my entire length plunging into her pussy.
"Ahhnnnn! It's going so deep! Hahhn, it's getting even thicker!"
"Hnngh, you're so tight you'd never think you'd given birth to this cocktease of a daughter..."
"Wh-Who are you calling a cocktease!?"
Naomin blushes and pouts at my joke.
"You two really are a pair of lovebirds, aren't you? I'm so happy... Hahhn!"
"Mmm, Muhnmuhn-san! You haven't had a human cock before, have you? I'm going to give you all the human cum you can handle!"
"Ahhhn! Yes, yes! Hahhn, I'm cummminggggggg!!!"
"Ahn! No, Mama, don't! You can't cum in front of a guy like this! Ahahhhnnn!"
Her pussy suddenly grips my shaft with head-spinning force, demanding every drop of cum that I have.
I obligingly let forth a flood of thick, sticky liquid, bathing the entrance to her womb in white.
"Hahhhn, AHHHHN!"
"AHAHHHN!"
Muhnmuhn-san's boobs coat her daughter in sweet milk.
Naomin's too start to leak and spurt over her mother.
"Hahhhn, mmnnn!"
"Ahn, no, don't pull out!"
When I pull my shaft from her still-twitching entrance, a spurt of thick cum gushes down onto our beach towel.
Muhnmuhn-san grinds her leaking pussy against my shaft as if begging to feel me inside her again.
"H-Hey... Don't hog all the fun, Mama. I-I want a massage too...!"
She wraps her hand around my shaft and milks every last drop out of me while licking my nipple.
Muhnmuhn-san seems to have taken a liking to me... I guess I'll be employed as a masseur for this pair of beauties for a couple of days at least.
