ミャウ
メタルカマドウマ
炎厨矢
Today, we're fighting enemies on the campus training field.
"I'm sorry, Takumi-sama... Myau's attacks are not very effective on this thing."
"It's metal, so nothing is really effective. You really gotta focus... Hiyah!"
My partner today is Myau, the dragon girl.
The monster is an EXP-rich Steelcricket, the kind of monster that's always worth killing on sight.
"In the past, I could sweep up even metal monsters with my breath, but for some reason, it's lost its effect lately."
Hmm? Like that spell that was useful in the third, but kept getting nerfed later on? Wait, why's that so similar to the games from my world?
"Fwooh."
The monster spews out some sort of mist.
"Eeep! Mm... Hwaah... I'm getting kinda sleepy... Zzz..."
"Whaaaa!? Myau! This is no time to sleep!"
The Steelcricket doesn't have that much stamina, and its appearance isn't that awe-inspiring, but...
At half HP, it switches into an attack pattern where it spams sleep magic, before handing out eternal rest with a single hit.
Though since this is just a practice monster made of magic, we won't actually die, obviously.
Still, we'll feel damage from its magic and physical attacks. We might not die, but it'll hurt until we wish we had.
(I can't ever get desensitized to that pain... Sometimes I sustain damage that would've sent me to the hospital in my world...)
This is all virtual, though, so while we might be mentally scarred, we're physically unscathed.
"Mmyahmmyah... Yes, Takumi-sama... This beef stew is superb... Mmgh, mmgh..."
"Hey! What kind of dream is that? C'mon, wake up!"
"Ah! I-I'm sorry! *slurp* ..."
She wipes her drool as she gets up.
(If we take too much time, we'll be the ones who get worn out here. Gotta wrap this up quick, or else...)
"Ah! Takumi-sama, it went over there!"
"Yeah, just leave it to... Wh-What!?"
I scroll through my list of magic skills in the corner of my eye, but nothing useful is coming up.
(Th-This is bad! Is there anything that's of use here...?)
Only once I start to panic does a new Ero-Magic skill appear before me like a gift from the heavens.
"Hmm? What's this...? Busteamate?"
Uh, some sorta teleportation magic, maybe? A teammate comes with a bus to bring you home? Maybe it's, like, a giant cat bus, even?
There's no time to hesitate. If this skill can get us out of harm's way... then praise Buddha!
"Whoa? Wh-What is this? What's going— Waaahhh!?"
My body instantly feels like it's floating away as my vision whites out.
"Takumi-sama? Huh? He's gone...? Wow, Takumi-sama, instant teleportation? You're amazing!"
"Ah!? Th-This is... Takumi-sama's underwear! I'll be sure to wash these and give them back later... Teeheehee! ♪ Agghhh!!"
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to see Myau take the Steelcricket's death blow to the face.
