ルミア
炎厨矢
？？？
It's a lovely morning. The gentle sun is shining down on my beloved academy.
"Ahh, hic... *sniff*..."
"Huh? What's that sound?"
As I'm walking down the hallway, I hear a strange little sound coming from the direction I'm heading.
"Is that... a girl crying?"
Hmm, this is the art room, right? Who on earth is getting all emotional in here?
"..."
I open the door just an inch to peek inside, and what a sight I see on the other side.
The girl standing there in the middle of the room is so absolutely my type that I just end up staring.
"Hic... *sniffle*..."
(Wh-Whoa, what a cutie! Man, seeing a girl like that cry really does punch a guy straight in the heart. Balls too, in fact.)
Her hair is a long, shimmering lavender. Even in this world I don't think I've seen anyone with hair so stunning.
"Hang on a second, are those...!?"
My eyes set sight on something else quite stunning...
Some of the tips of her long, thick hairs are snakes' heads.
They're not just accessories or anything, either—they're living, breathing snakes.
"Wait, so is she some kind of Gorgon or something?"
In Greek mythology, they were the three snake-headed sisters that Medusa was one of.
I've seen them used as enemies in a million old RPGs and such. I still get flashbacks from getting thrown off platforms by them.
But the girl in front of me now hardly looks like a scary monster. She's so beautiful that the snakes just seem to make her even more striking.
"Well, Gorgon or not, as a gentleman, I can't just stand by and watch a girl cry like this."
(And that is not at all, because that cute face comes attached to Mount Booblympus.)
I slowly open the door, and lean against the frame, striking my coolest pose.
"My, whatever could make a pretty girl like you so sad? Come, tell a passing gentleman all of your worries."
Nailed it. She's staring right at me, I assume in pure maidenly wonder.
"Huh? A... boy?"
"Oh, I apologize, I must have startled you. I am, after all, a male interloper in this sacred kingdom."
"U-Umm... So why are you here?"
"Err, well, I was just walking by, heard you crying, y'know? I'm Ta—"
As I try to breezily introduce myself, she cuts me off by haltingly beginning her own.
"I-I'm... Lumia."
"Lumia-chan... That's a really nice name. Are you a first-year?"
She nods. It seems like she's a little on her guard, judging by her facial expression, and her head of hissing snakes.
"So, why are you crying?"
"W-Well, that's... It's nothing!"
"A man like me just can't stand seeing such a cute girl cry. The very natural forces of Gaia herself are telling me not to just leave you here!"
"Pfft! You're kind of funny."
"You think so? I'm glad to say that it's exactly what I expected! You look far prettier when you smile."
A little bit of dramatic flair got her looking happier in no time. Damn, she's cute!
"I-It's kind of embarrassing, but..."
Ahh, the bashful type, you can't beat it!
"Go on, what happened?"
We start to talk, and she gradually runs me through exactly what's going on.
For starters, she really is a Gorgon. She's also really loves art.
Unfortunately, that's a hard combination to manage. Whenever she stares at something in order to sketch it, her Gorgon powers turn it into stone.
"You've not turned me to stone yet though, have you?"
We've been sitting here talking for a while now, and I'm no harder (in any area) than I was before.
"When I concentrate on what I want to sketch, my powers end up working all on their own... I mean, I can turn things back to normal, but still..."
"Oh?"
"Well, even if I can turn them back, what person would agree to model for someone's who's going to turn them to stone every time?"
"Hmm, I can see how some people wouldn't like spending whole days as a statue, that's for sure."
"Everyone's already scared of me because of how I look, anyway..."
She sighs and pats her... Hair? Snakes?
They droop their necks in shame.
"Really? I think they make you look really cute."
"R-Really!?"
"Could I... touch them?"
"Of course! Hehe, I'm so glad..."
I reach out to softly pet their scales, and her snakes happily push their heads against me like tiny kittens eager to be doted on.
Lumia-chan blushes and fidgets as I stroke her locks.
(Wow, these things really are cute. Heart-melting, in a kind of scaley, creepy way.)
As cute as they are, they're not quite enough to completely distract me from Lumia's boobs gently swaying back and forth.
I'm not sure if it's part of her powers, but one part of me is feeling hard as stone now.
If I really became her model, my whole body could end up like this... But that doesn't mean I wouldn't do it without a second's thought!
"...Huh?"
Right at that moment, a magical sigil tingles in my head.
(Perfect timing, my trusty Ero-Magic! I bet you've got just the thing I need for this moment, don't you?)
I feel the power well up inside of me, and...
Behold, "Penistone!" The power to turn my cock, and only my cock, as hard as literal stone, and make me ready to rock a girl's world!
This will solve Lumia-chan's predicament, and more!
"Lumia-chan, I have a plan—let me be your model!"
"Huh!? B-But..."
"Don't you worry, you won't be turning me to stone any time soon. Just try and do it!"
Lumia-chan and her snakes eye me with a glint of apprehension, before giving me a full, intense glare.
Seeing me still entirely normal and fleshy, she breaks into a wide smile.
"Ahaha, and now that you've seen my powers, go ahead, sketch away!"
I pull another one of my patented "Takumi-kun the Amazing Transfer Student" cool poses.
"Wh-What kind of pose is that?"
"In my world, this is an ancient artistic representation of the refined Ottoman technique for salting a fine rump steak!"
I could do with a pair of sunglasses, but apart from that it's perfect. Lumia-san immediately starts happily sketching away.
"Oooh, I see... It is a really strong, manly pose! It's wonderful!"
"Hehe, I know, right."
She rapidly fills up the page with a picture of me.
I have high expectations when she hands the sketchbook to me, but even then I'm surprised by how skillful it is.
(Wh-Whoa! It's like a photograph!)
Good lord, she's perfectly captured the manliness of my features. They don't even betray a hint of the pervert behind them!
"I'm willing to help you out however you like, Lumia-chan. What kind of pose would you like next?"
"W-Well, umm..."
She starts to fidget in her seat, face turning as red as a tomato. I notice her taking bashful glances at a nude statue in the corner...
"Oh my... Looks like it's my time to shine!"
I tear off my uniform, and expose my entire form to her.
