エレン
エレン先生
カシュニア
炎厨矢
"Okay, class. For today's lesson, we'll be covering summoning magic! ♪"
With her usual sagely smile, Ellen-sensei announces the topic of today's magical lesson.
But still... Summoning spells already...? That sounds kind of high-level for a novice magic caster like me.
What am I supposed to do? Ero-Magic's all I got. If I were in a light novel, I'd already be a max-level mage, with a harem handed to me!
"Wh-Why do I have to get paired with this filthy, perverted human every single time!?"
"That's what %i1I%r wanna know! Your magic and potions have a tendency to explode like we're in a slapstick comedy!"
"I'd rather work alone than have to team up with this useless man who can't summon a damn thing!"
O-Oh...
"In that case, Kashnia, how about you and I go on a date this weekend? How's the amusement park sound?"
"Huh? A d-d-d-d-d-date!? D-Don't be stupid!"
"Why would anyone want to go on a date with you? B-But if you really insist on going with me... I guess I could deign to humor you..."
"Welp, there you have it, Ellen-sensei. I successfully summoned a 'Rocket-Tit Vampire' to the amusement park this weekend!"
Ellen-sensei only smiles awkwardly upon hearing my take on summoning magic.
"N-No! You stupid enemy to womankind! Don't summon %i1me%r! Summon a beast or something, you hopeless idiot!"
"But... you..."
%150;"You were overjoyed for a sec, weren't you?"
"D-Don't be stupid! Why would I be happy at the thought of... going on... a date with you...!?"
In the middle of our stupid exchange, a new Ero-Magic skill makes its appearance.
I see. This should do the trick for a Kash-tan summoning spell. ♪
"With Kash-tan, the fun never ends! Let's summon her some merry friends!" So, this Ero-Magic summons some sexy beasts, eh? 
The Ero-Magic is already perfectly matched to Kash-tan's summoning spell.
Okay... Now, summon away!
"Heheheh! Behold as I summon my familiar host! Fail your SAN check and give up the ghost!"
Whoa, wait, what? SAN check? Kash-tan! You can't use such meta terminology like that! You'll ruin the fantasy!
I can't help but roast her in my head.
"Come now, familiars, of abyss so forbidding! Fulfill thy oath, and do my dark bidding!"
Cum, monsters, from the furthest beyond! Do as I say, and gangbang this blonde!
