サラ
炎厨矢
"Hmm, right, I suppose I'll go and get this thing I picked up on the quest appraised by Sarah-san."
The reward I got for clearing my last quest was... a pair of panties!?
I mean, the only enemy I was able to defeat with my meagre magic without getting instantly burned to a crisp was a low-level slime that had taken the form of a girl...
But at least I made it out with a few experience points. And, err, her panties.
(I can't help but feel a little guilty defeating all these low-level monsters... Doesn't it seem like a few too many of the creatures in this world take the form of cute girls?)
That didn't stop her from almost wrecking me, though. And all I have to show for it is this item that's probably inadvisable for me to go around wearing.
It could make me the strongest warrior in the land, but even rolling a perfect 20 wouldn't stop it leaving me a dead man in the eyes of society.
(Especially if Erena or Naomin found out. They'd never look at me as anything but walking garbage again.)
As such, my best course of action is probably to sell this at Sarah-san's store.
"Hello! Sarah-san, I've got a little something I wanted you to take a look at."
"Ooh, hey there, Takumi-kun! ♪ Hehe, what do you have for me?"
Behind the counter of the guild's armory emerges a lady with what could politely be referred to as banging cleavage, and a huge, pantyhose-clad ass.
I'm instantly reduced to a slobbering ape by the rose-tinted scent of her perfume and the sight of her massive melons.
I feel a sudden rush of blood to the head, and to somewhere else, as I look down at her shamelessly low-cut neckline.
Even a boob fiend like me can't concentrate entirely on the top half of her body, though. She's got a perfect hourglass figure, with a tight waist and a pair of thick thighs.
Her entire body is a work of erotic art!
I instinctively start to lean forward into that glorious valley of dreams... No, no, bad Takumi. You're here for a reason.
"Ahem, well, I was hoping you might take a look at this."
I start to whip out my maxed-out +10 schlon— Err, I mean, the panties.
"Waah! T-Takumi-kun, you dirty boy, don't start unzipping out here! ♪"
%150;"Dammit, even I resisted making that joke!"
"Hehe, just kidding. Ahh, you're always fun to mess around with."
Jeez, this woman... I might be a pervert, but I'm a pervert with a sense of time and place. The only time I'd undress for her would be if we're all alone together.
"Right, so I wanted you to take a look at these..."
"Ah! Wh-What're those...?"
"As you can see, they appear to be a pair of panties."
"Takumi-kun! I've told you, it doesn't matter how desperate to get off you are, no stealing panties from the girls' locker room!"
"Just what kind of character do you think I'm supposed to be!?"
"Hehe, I know, I know, you got this from a quest, right? And you know only a cutie like me can give it a proper appraisal, right? Ahn! ♪"
She perspicaciously picks up on my plan, speaking in her usual languid, lustful tone.
"Exactly, Sarah-san!"
Well, I'd much rather she use those mega tits to appraise the Excalibur I'm brandishing in my pants right now, but close enough.
"Hmm, they look just like an ordinary pair of skimpy panties to me. There's no sign of them being used, or being %i1used%r, which is important if I'm going to assess them."
"Ahem, I swear that I would never %i1use%r panties in any way!"
"Hehe, in that case, let's give them an appraisal."
Sarah-san closes her eyes, and begins to recite a magical chant.
"With this phrase, commodity appraise..."
A series of magic circles open up atop my outstretched hand, and the panties begin to float above it and rotate in the air.
Her magic is clearly on a different level from the students here. I can tell from just how bright a glow and just how many circles her simple chant creates.
(This kind of magic would be a pretty amazing thing to see... if it wasn't being used on a pair of panties.)
Sarah-san begins to carefully scan the panties with her spell.
(W-Wow! It seems like this item will make the wearer look five years younger!)
Sarah-san's eyes widen. I suppose she must have never seen this item before.
(I didn't even know this kind of item existed... Maybe it's something that only drops for boys like Takumi-kun?)
"Umm, so, what's the verdict?"
"Well, ahem... They possess a completely normal physical anti-aging effect. Yep, completely normal. ♪"
Huh, doesn't seem like it's anything special, then. It's a shame, I was kinda getting my hopes up.
"Hmm, I see. Not the kind of thing I need to be wearing, then. If anyone knew I was equipping those kind of panties, they'd kill me along with the monsters."
"There's no point in me taking them away, then. How much would you give me for them, Sarah-san?"
"Ohh, I'll gladly take these off your hands. ♪ Here's your cash."
She hands me a tidy little sum, and returns to the backroom with a spring in her step.
"Huh!?"
I suddenly feel a new Ero-Magic skill come tingling into my brain.
"Oho!?"
"With this phrase, commodititty asspraise!"
The power to give Sarah-san a thorough "appraisal," whenever, wherever!
I can survey exactly what's between those big, thick thighs, and that ridiculous cleavage!
"I've got to give this one a try right away! Get ready for a good going-over, Sarah-san!"
Will a spell that's basically just a dumb pun really work on someone as powerful as her, though? Well, there's only one way to find out. I start to recite the chant...
"Hehe... Thanks to Takumi-kun, I've ended up with a real find."
Sarah-san hurriedly slips on the panties, eager to see their effects, and heads back out to the counter.
"Sorry to keep you waiting! ♪"
She immediately sets about dealing with the next customer.
I take a seat in view of the window, and start to imagine that plump ass behind the counter. My cock is already throbbing in my pants.
"Huh? Th-This feels odd... Mmn!?"
I feel the sensation of warm wetness surrounding my shaft.
I instantly realize the true extent of this power...
