カシュニア
カトレーヌ
女子生徒Ａ
女子生徒Ｂ
炎厨矢
Despite my lucky nature, I now find myself stuck in a party with this annoying little vampire.
I don't gain any XP using my crappy spells when I'm with her, and she can be more dangerous than the enemies themselves.
"Feel my wrath, puny Lotion Slimes! My Hellfire and Fire Maverick spells will send you back to the Stone Age!"
"Hey, Kash-tan! Even if you do have the Mana to spare, isn't that a little overkill?"
These poor Lotion Slimes are only Lv. 1. They don't stand a chance in hell.
I can't help but feel a little sorry for them, despite them being monsters.
"You will know a vampire's power!! Haaahahahaha!"
"Whoa! You even singed my boots a little! Aaack!"
A new Ero-Magic skill graces my subconscious as I shudder in response to Kashnia's genocidal magic.
I may not be gaining XP with this vampire girl, but at least I know Ero-Magic's got my back.
Casting it is a no-brainer!
"Hey! Where have you gone!? Useless little wizard!"
"Aaah... I've gotta change into my uniform. I'm gonna be late for class!"
"Ow ow ow! Wait, where am I? Surely they don't have changing rooms in heaven?"
"Huh? Takumi-kun!? Wh-What are you doing here!? Eek! You really are a pervert!!"
"At least I'm away from that annoying vampire... *sniff* *sniff*... *sniiifffff*! Just what is that sweet smell!?"
The Ero-Magic skill teleported me to the girls' changing rooms! Damn, what would I do without it!?
Well, I'm not dead, but it basically teleported me to heaven!
"H-Hey! B-Boys aren't allowed in here! Ah...? Someone's coming! We can't let anyone see you in here!"
"Worry not, Catherine-senpai! You're now officially my girlfriend, so— ACK!"
Catherine-senpai attacks me in a fit of rage. I guess I can't get away with just %i1anything%r with Ero-Magic...
I'd prefer it if you didn't throw lightning bolts at me!
"Ehem... Then how about we just do some %i1indecent%r things in this changing room and in this changing room only?"
"Just where are you trying to stick your silver tongue...? Anyway, get your butt in here!"
"Oh, I'm allowed in here, am I? And you're coming in too?"
"Huh!? Err, well, I can't get changed anyway if I know y-you're peeping at me through the locker..."
Well, I guess that makes sense!
Besides, I'm pressed hard against Catherine-senpai's boobs.
"So, we could just kill time in here until the coast is clear."
"I like your thinking, Senpai! I second that motion!"
After a short time, girls start to come in for the next class.
(Whoa... I get to stare at other girls' boobs while nestled close to Catherine-senpai's magnificent bangers?)
I love this world! A true pervert's paradise!
"Hey, have your boobs grown or is it just me? Do you get them massaged or something?"
"Hehe, I started doing these exercises recently that are supposed to increase bust size. It just takes ten minutes every day!"
"I think I'll give it a try too! Maybe Takumi-kun would want to sleep with me if my boobs were bigger..."
"Hahaha, naughty girl!"
"Well, well... She wants to sleep with you. Aren't you the lady-killer..."
Catherine-senpai congratulates me with ice-cold eyes.
Well, who wouldn't!?
Anyway, Senpai's face is pretty close to mine...
Haaah, haaah... And her naked body is pressed tight against me...
"She's not the one who forced me into this confined space just to press her titties into my face."
"Huh!? W-Wait... You're not... Takumi-kun! What's that slimy stuff I feel!?"
"Well, there's just so much precum! Haha, nah... I was just fighting Lotion Slimes earlier!"
The Lotion Slime's slimy lotion is getting Senpai's busty boobies all shiny! So hot!
"Senpai, I don't think it's physically possible to do %i1that%r in here! Besides, your boobs are filling up most of this space by themselves!"
"But I... Aaahn!"
Her boobs are packed so tightly against me I can feel her heart throbbing in excitement.
The Ero-Magic removes my pants and underwear; our nipples are so perfectly aligned it's as if they're kissing.
"Yaaahn... H-Hey... Don't move... I can feel your... Nngh!"
%150;I know you can!
"Aaah... Takumi-kun... Your... It's poking at my... Yaaahn!"
"I'm afraid that my dragon awakening at a time like this is merely proof that I'm a healthy young male!"
"Or would you rather I didn't get excited about you at all?"
"That's a d-difficult question... Nnh! It's poking me even harder!"
"Oh, is it? Oops!"
"You really are sh-shameless! Aaahn..."
I love how she's bashfully chastising me as she pretends not to like it!
"But your boobs are just so soft... How can I %i1not%r be shameless with them pushing against me?"
I begin to imagine what it'd be like if this softness just brushed against me forever.
Her nipples harden the more they romance with mine.
"Aaah... No, Takumi-kun... If you move any more, it'll feel too g-good...! Aaahn..."
"I wanna hear you moan, Senpai!"
My naked and erect cock pokes and brushes all around her lower body, slathering her with precum.
"Hnnh...? Aaahn... Y-You're getting it... all over me... Aaah..."
"Aaah, Senpai... My cock is attracted to your softness... Haaah, haaah..."
"S-Stop...! They're all going to hear... Aaahn..."
Her nipples are so hard now that they are tickling my chest.
An itching sensation runs up my back, making my cock harden even more in return.
"Your nipples are getting even harder now and rubbing against mine... I can't hold back any longer! Haaah, haaah..."
"Yaaahn... Your cock... is growing... Aaahn... It's pushing against me...! Hahnn..."
I position my cock against her pussy lips and begin rubbing.
Suggestive noises emanate from her pussy lips as we both become slick with our juices.
"Hah, hah... It feels so good... My head's going strange... Yaaahn!"
%150;I'm already strange in a number of ways!
Our libidos skyrocket. Before I know it, my beastly tongue is let loose into Catherine-senpai's sweet mouth.
"Senpai... Mmmngh, mlln... Mwah!"
"Hnngh!? Hahmm... Ahn, no... Mmmngh, mlln, nngh... Nnh, mmmngh..."
While initially taken aback by the sudden tongue invasion, she soon surrenders herself as her expression melts with lust.
"Ahmm... Mwah, mmngh... Aaahn, haaah..."
The soft sweetness of her lips reverberates throughout my entire body. I could die a happy man...
She pushes her velvety boobs harder against me as she turns her neck and sucks my tongue.
"Aaahn, aaahn... Nngh... I can't... Mmmngh... Yaaahn, aaah!"
"M-Me too... Senpai... Aaaah!"
The unstoppable pleasure immediately rushes to the tip of my cock.
"Nnnh, no... I-I can't cum here! Haaah, haaaaaahn!"
The moment I hear her enchanting moan, a torrent of man milk explodes from my dick.
"Haaah, haaah... Phew... They're all gone... Eeeeeek! Your cum's all over me!"
Catherine-senpai's pale skin is now even whiter with my thick seed.
"I... I think I need a shower..."
She looks down at her cum-covered skin with a troubled look as her cheeks blush a rosy pink.
"I could do with a shower too!"
Just thinking about showering with Catherine-senpai instantly recharges my cock, making me ready for more action.
Besides, my lust is the only thing keeping me going as I suffocate half to death in this locker of love.
"Gah, you damned pervert! Hehe, not that there's a problem with that! ♪"
Even with her troubled expression, her gaze shifted to my pulsating offering of peace.
