システィーネ
女子部員
炎厨矢
美少女部員
Typical. Just as I decide I want to practice some magic, the heavens open. I hurriedly take shelter inside one of the Academy club buildings.
Lined up across the room is a series of riding machines. Ah... This must be the Yggdrasil's Magical Equestrian Club's training room.
"Okay, it's all ready!"
"Excellent. Thank you."
"Pretty nice set-up they've got here... And a pretty nice assortment of beauties too."
Beauties, with big boobies, naturally.
I activate my "Bodometer" spell and scope out the selection of ripe melons before me like a greengrocer appraising a shipment.
It takes a hell of a lot of MP to activate, but it is, err, helpful in some combat encounters. Maybe. Occasionally.
(Sweet god of gazongas, every single one's at least a J-cup!)
They're not just big, too. They're all perfectly-sized and shaped. But among them, there's one ponytailed girl who stands out in particular...
"Okay, let's get started with today's training. Make sure you all follow your routines, everyone."
Their outfits are all super-revealing too. Especially below the waist—they're basically just wearing panties!
Just thinking about all of these hot girls riding those machines is getting me hot under the collar...
I have to admit I've watched more than my fair share of those videos where it's a 3D model of a game character riding similar machines, ahem.
And now I get to see the same kind of big, bouncing boobs right in front of my eyes.
In those outfits, with all that skin on show, too.
(The motion of their hips is just like they're riding a guy and grinding on him, and like a wild animal at that!)
Unlike the machines in my world, the riding machines here are powered by magic.
They're made of wood, with the saddles covered in a cushioning layer of leather.
They simulate the motion of a horse through magic. Every time they "gallop" the girls' boobs bounce up and down.
"Come on, stretch your back muscles and keep your posture!"
Among them is one particularly beautiful, busty girl, who seems to be a crusader.
While the other girls are struggling to keep steady as their boobs jiggle, even with her horse bucking like a bronco, she seems entirely unfazed.
(Wow, she's got some skills. And some amazing tits too! And she's beautiful, to boot.)
I take a look at her profile with my Ero-Magic.
Depending on their magical power some details may be hidden from me, but with my Ero-Magic I can see some info without them even realizing.
"Sistine Christel, third year... Captain of the Magical Equestrian Club..."
It seems like it's a club where girls compete in various disciplines that involve using magic while riding horses.
Naturally, in this world, they tend to be special horses such as unicorns or pegasuses, though.
I'd like to give a pegasus a try myself, but unfortunately, not even a unicorn would let me on its back. Why, you ask?
Well, that's because unicorns only allow virgin girls to ride them!
The machine Sistine's riding is decorated with a long horn. Does that mean she's practicing to ride a unicorn?
(So that means... She's a virgin!? Awesome!)
A virgin, with boobs that big, and thighs that thick...
Damn it, I've never been so jealous of a machine! I want that ass grinding on me instead!
As I think that, I feel my Ero-Magic kick in. Is my pervy, err, I mean heartfelt wish, going to be granted?
"Love Machine!" Up and down, back and forth, ride my wood just like that horse!
(Oooh, yes! This will let me transform into that riding machine!)
I can't imagine anything more perfect right now!
My cock stiffening in anticipation, I activate the spell.
