オルガ
炎厨矢
"A-Ah! Aahn...! Th-This... feels pretty good... Nnngh!"
My view of Olga masturbating in the crystal ball is so, well, crystal clear, it's like I was actually there.
She squeezes her gigantic boobs, stroking her pussy over her soaking wet panties.
Exquisitely erotic shivers course through her body, and I can't tear my eyes away from the scene; it's especially hard to not look at her chest.
Lying on her back, her bra barely contains the massive orbs that are her tits, which are spilling out of their cups in a gorgeous rippling wave.
(Oh, man... I swear, Olga's tits are never less than absolutely alluring!)
If I wanted to know how turned-on she was, I needn't look any further than her nipples, which are straining against the fabric of her bra.
"Aah! Oooh... Nnh! Ah! Aahn... Nh!"
Olga digs her fingers into her tits, groping them the exact same way I've done before.
(And, who knew she had such good taste in lingerie?)
It's not what I would've expected, but the sophisticated color and sensual design suit her voluptuous figure perfectly.
The fact that the lacy underthings look like the exact opposite of her brash personality just makes the whole scene that much more erotic.
It's adorable that she'd bother to get dressed up to go to town on herself.
"Ahn! A-Aah... Nh! Huff... Ah! Ooh... Haaahn!"
Shoving her underwear aside, Olga fondles herself even more vigorously.
Her pussy laid bare, a glistening liquid starts to seep out from the exposed slit, shimmering as the light reflects off it.
"Mnn! I-I'm pretty sure Takumi... does it like this... Aah! Nh, mnnnh!"
(Wait, did she just say my name?)
Why would she...? Hold on. Is she fantasizing about me?
Were our erotic episodes really that memorable for her? Huh, so she %i1does%r have a soft side.
"I lost to that sloppy... swordsmanship... of his last time, but...! Nh! If I %i1train%r myself, then... Aah! Nhg! Next time, I'LL be the one to...! A-Aaaahn!"
...Ah, so %i1that's%r it. She's just a sore loser.
Well, that stupidly stubborn side of her is cute, too.
Olga keeps up her punishing pace, without the slightest clue that she's got an extra observer.
But, I'm not going to be content to just sit back and watch for much longer.
I mean, my dick's already risen to her challenge, ready to pound her pussy into submission again.
So, with the help of this crystal ball, I'm going to swoop in and steal the lips of the girl reflected in it.
"Mnnngh! Nh! *slurp* ...Mnn! Hff... *sluuurp*...!"
Slipping my tongue past her lips, I stroke the inside of her mouth with reckless abandon.
"Wh-What the...!? There's something in my mou— Nh! *suck* Mnn! Hff... Ah... Mnnnh!"
Taking advantage of her confusion, I kiss her even more deeply.
"...*lick*... Mm! *suck* *sluuuurp*! Haah... Nh! Huff..."
As I greedily lick every inch, I can feel Olga's mouth move in an odd mixture of hesitant surprise and mounting desire.
Of course, I can't see her expression while I'm kissing her like this, but I'm guessing it's not any different from the other times we've made out.
(Oh man, my heart's pounding.)
I want to see her come completely undone. Fixated on that one goal, I take her mouth more roughly.
Olga starts to return my kisses, her tongue bumping and brushing against mine.
"Mnnnh! Mm... *slurp*... Nh! Huff... *sluuurp*...!"
Our exchanges get more frantic as Olga relaxes into the unusual sensation.
Actually, I think that %i1her%r tongue's started to take the lead.
Which leaves me no choice but to fight back, licking, sucking and nibbling at her lips.
With each kiss, I feel her body get a little warmer; I hear her heart beat a little faster.
"Mm... *suck* W-Why does this... feel so... so gooood... *lick* Mnn... *suck* *sluuuurp*..."
Olga melts into the kisses, still blissfully unaware of what's actually going on.
I don't think I've ever seen her let loose like this. This charmingly sensual version is a stark contrast to her usual tough-as-nails persona.
Lost in a lustful haze, I don't think Olga's even noticed that she's started feeling up her own boobs.
Her nipples are already stiff and swollen, standing as further evidence to her arousal.
"If you want to torture yourself so badly, then allow me!"
Reaching over the image projected in the crystal, I squeeze and stroke Olga's tits.
"Aaaaahn!! Wh-What the...!? Something's groping my chest! Aaah! That must be why I can't stop... Nh! Ah... Aaaahn!"
With our hands working in tandem, tremors start to race through Olga's body.
"Th-This doesn't feel like it usually do— Oooh! Somehow, it's even better... Like Takumi was touching me himself... Ngh! A-Aah... Haaaahn!"
No, seriously—there's no way she's %i1actually%r fantasizing about me, is there?
"Just the thought of %i1him%r... seeing me, of all people, reduced to %i1this... It makes my pussy throb... Ah! A-Ahn! Aaaaahn!!"
"Huh!?"
For one horrible moment there, I was sure she'd figured it out.
But, that startling admission—that she really %i1is%r picturing me while she's masturbating, and that it's turning her on even more...
It's impossible to ignore. I whip out my dick, which already feels like it's about to explode, and run it along the soaking wet slit displayed in the crystal ball.
"A-Aaahn! My pussy, it's so...! Aah! It's burning up! I-I don't know what's so different about today, but... Oooh! I feel like I'm on fire! Aah! Nh! Haaahn!"
Olga arches her hips, pushing against my invisible penis.
I move slowly, and I can see by her reflection that we're both enjoying this mysterious masturbation aid scenario immensely.
"Aaahn! A-Aah! Ooh! Aaaaahn! Haah... Nh... Aahn!"
Still oblivious to what's actually causing the extra-special sensations, Olga lets out a decadent moan.
If anything, the indecent sound only turns her on even more.
Well, that's not a problem. I pick up the pace, matching my movements to her growing enthusiasm.
"I-It's so warm down there... Aahn! I-Is that because I'm imagining that T-Takumi is watching me? Nh! Haaahn!"
Seeming to catch just how much of a masochist that makes her sound like, Olga shakes her head in fervent denial.
"N-No, that's not it...! This is so I'll win the next time Takumi tempts me... Not for any %i1frivolous%r personal pleasure... Ooh! Mnh!"
But, going by the sensual way she's touching herself, I'm not so sure about that.
"If she's training so that she can beat me, then I better not go easy on her!"
I thrust more fiercely, stroking her pussy vigorously through the crystal ball.
"Ahn! A-Aah... Nh! Huff... Ah... Aaah! Aaaaahn!"
A glossy liquid suddenly spills out of her pussy, the natural lube turning this "training" into an increasingly more satisfying thighjob.
As if that wasn't enough stimulation, Olga's fingers slide up to tease her clit.
"Aaaahn! A-Aah! Ah! Mnnn! Haaah... Nh! Aaahn!"
Quivering with pleasure, Olga strokes herself even more resolutely.
"I-I can't... Aah... I-I'm cumming... Nnngh!!"
With a high-pitched moan, Olga's body snaps taut as her pussy bathes my dick in warmth.
She cums in a rush of moisture, straining against the sheets as she draws her knees up against her sides in an elegant spread.
The bedspread ripples around her, each wave a measure of her deep, pulsing pleasure.
"Huff... Huff... Aah, that's no good... I came even faster today... Nh! A-At this rate, I'm doomed to lose to Takumi again..."
Without any watchful eyes on her, Olga shamelessly revels in her release.
"Except that I haven't missed a second of this."
Her luscious juices spill onto the sheets, seeping out in a slowly expanding stain.
"Come to think of it, I've never gotten to see her cum from this angle before... Man, her pussy's so prominent..."
Thanks (or no thanks) to that live peep show, my dick's dying to put Olga's training to the test.
"B-But what's so different about today? Why am I... so horny...?"
She sighs, obviously pleased by the results despite her misgivings as to why it felt so good.
But I'm willing to bet that she still isn't entirely satisfied.
"Well, I guess it's time to let the cat out of the bag—because I don't think I can keep my hands off of that pussy any longer."
Just like the other day, I fire up my trusty transportation spell and teleport over to Olga's room.
"H-Huh!? Wh-What are you %i1doing%r here...!? You're so hard, Ta— No, don't stick that %i1there%r...! Aaaaahn!!"
Already startled by my sudden appearance, Olga's eyes get even wider as I ease my dick into her pussy.
"Hey. Nice night out, isn't it?"
"Wh-Why are you being so casual about this!? A-Aah...! Ooh, you're soooo big... Mnh! Aaaahn!"
"Sure, I get that you're surprised, but wouldn't you rather focus on how good my dick feels inside of you?"
"Wh-! Th-That's not... Y-You take that out th-this instaaa... Aah! Nh! Ngh!"
She starts to stammer, and I know that I've hit the nail on the head. That, and she's almost too turned on to speak.
"Aw, don't say that. Your pussy's squeezing so hard, it's obviously thrilled that I'm here. Rubbing one out wasn't good enough for you, huh?"
That earns me another stunned stare.
"Wondering how I knew that? All you need to know is that I saw the %i1whole thing%r, from the start of your filthy little fantasy to the happy end."
"S-So %i1that's%r why it felt so... Wait, I mean...! I wasn't playing around, I was getting ready for %i1battle%r... Oooh! Aaahn!"
"Didn't you notice that I was helping? All that kissing, groping, stroking..."
"Th-That was YOU!? A-Aah... Nooo, don't rub me theeeere... Mn... S-Stop, that's too... Aaaahn!"
As the final pieces of the puzzle fall into place, I can't resist the urge to finally start thrusting.
"Well, that's what you get for feeling yourself up earlier. Besides, don't you think it's better to practice with the %i1real%r thing?"
Olga declines to answer that one, and I keep pounding away.
It might be because of that vigorous warm up, but I swear she's even tighter than usual.
"C'mon, I'm sure even %i1you%r can feel how badly your pussy wants this."
"Nnnngh! Huff... Ah... Mm! Mnhhh!!"
Even as she's shaking her head in denial, Olga can't quite hold back her moans.
"What gives? Weren't you %i1just%r getting ready to face off against me? Jeez, you're already starting to slip."
"Th-This is... N-Nooooothing at all... G-Go on, do your w-worst...! Nh! I-I can take %i1anything%r you try to throw at me..."
"Oh yeah? Then I won't go easy on you!"
I thrust even more firmly, the intense friction sending her juices flying.
"Mmmmnh! Nh! Ah... Mn! Mnhhh!!"
Steeling herself against the passionate onslaught, Olga clamps her mouth shut.
Meanwhile, her pussy pulls at my cock in warm, welcoming waves.
"Go on, keep it up! But, I should warn you—I'm only just getting started!"
She's so tight that it's a bit of a struggle, but my dick sinks in a little deeper with every stroke.
Each squelching thrust echoes against the sound of our bare skin slapping together.
"I-I can handle... Nh! That much, without even... trying! Mn! Ngh! Mmmh!"
Or so she says. It'd be more believable if she wasn't trembling all over.
"Funny, neither am I. I'm barely even lifting a finger."
"R-Really...? Then wh-why don't you %i1prove%r it...?"
(Man, that look just screams "do me harder.")
She may not have asked nicely, but her eyes are begging me. Yeesh, she's impossible.
"Okay, but don't say I didn't warn you!"
Just like she asked, I pound her pussy at a punishing pace.
My dick dives deeper into her slick interior, going deep inside her with each thrust.
"Haaaaahn! Th-This feels amazing...! Aaah! I-I can't help it, I... Ah! A-Aahn! Takumi, your dick, it's sooo... Aaaahn!!"
Olga's mouth opens wide, letting out all the moans that she'd been holding back.
"How's that for proof? That's what you get for questioning my skills!"
"Aaaahn! Oooh! Ah! A-Aahn! Huff... Nh! Aaaahn!"
I'm thrusting so hard, it feels like I might break something.
But Olga's pussy responds in kind, mercilessly clenching and squeezing my cock.
"I can tell you're feeling it... Let me %i1really%r give it to you!"
I grind against her, feelings of pleasure fill me. Olga cries out, her sweet, sultry tone almost dissolves the little inhibition I have left.
"Aaah...! Th-This sounds so wrong... But it feels soooo goooood... A-Aaahn!"
The harsh sounds of vigorous sex echo throughout the room.
Olga starts to moan more loudly, as if to drown out the lewd background noise.
"I love listening to those lusty sounds of yours. Go on, let loose!"
"Wh-Why should I have to humor y-you... Ooh! Aah, I-I can't help iiiit! Nh! Ah... Ah... Aaaaaahn!!"
Sounds like none of that previous training did her any good.
No matter how hard she tries, even a stubborn masochist like Olga just can't resist the siren's call of hardcore sex.
"That's great... Keep going... just like that!"
With each thrust, her boobs bounce up, just begging to be fondled.
I grab her chest, groping and kneading her tits just like earlier.
"Mnnnh...!! T-Takumiiii, you caaaan't...! N-Not my... my booooobs... Oooh! I-I can't think straight when you... Ah! A-Aah..."
"I knew it, these tits really are one of your weak points!"
Feeling her up using the crystal ball was pretty erotic, but the real thing is so much more sensational.
"W-Would it kill you to %i1listen%r for once...? If you keep doing that, I-I'll... Aaaaahn!"
Olga can feel the difference too, tightening around me with a luscious pressure.
She rocks her hips even more enthusiastically, losing herself to the pinching and teasing of my fingers.
"It's adorable how what you say and how you act never match up."
"Y-You jerk, there's... n-nothing cute about it... a-at all!"
Except that she can't quite hide how happy that makes her feel, her pussy quivering in satisfaction.
"Sure there is. Lemme show you."
I lean in to take her with a rough kiss, slipping my tongue between her lips.
"Nmnnnh! Mnn! *suck*... Mnh! Huff... *sluuurp*...!"
This kiss is nothing like the earlier ones—it's aggressively deep, right from the start.
The sloppy sound of our tongues twisting together overtake the naughty sounds our bodies make below.
"...*lick*... Mn... Mlln... *sluuurp*! Huff... *suck* Haah..."
Our mouths are pressed so tightly together that Olga's ragged moans have barely any room to escape.
"And since you're so darn cute, I've got a special present for you."
I speed up, pushing the rhythm of my hips to a pulverizing tempo.
"W-Wait, you don't mean...? Nh! Aah! Ahn! A-Aaaaahn!!"
Realizing exactly what her reward is going to be, Olga tries to fight temptation.
Except that her body craves release, grinding against me even more desperately.
That not-so-subtle hint has me straining to keep from cumming too soon.
"Aaahn! A-Ah! Ooh! Aaaahn! Haaah... Nh! Ahn!"
Olga starts to tremble, just moments away from an immobilizing climax.
"C'mon, don't slack off now...!"
At my urging, Olga pushes herself harder.
Our bodies work in tandem, driving us to a frenzied peak.
"A-Aaaaaah! T-Takumi, I-I'm...! I'm cumming! H-Haaaaahn!!"
"Ngh! Yeah... Me too... Aaaah!!"
The timing couldn't be any more perfect. With one last, major thrust, I feel the last threads of control snap right as our hips come together.
"Aaaaaahn!! T-Takumi, your cum... It's shooting up inside me! Aaah! Mnnn! Nnngh!"
Olga arches her hips as the thick, white wave hits her, bridging the gap between us as she cums harder than ever before.
She's even slicker than when she came earlier, her pussy overflowing with juices as she takes in my thick load.
"Whoa, damn. It's still going..."
Her pussy clamps down on my dick, trying to drag out every last drop.
"Don't worry, I'll make sure you get all of it...!"
I thrust up again, burying my cock as deep in her pussy as it'll go.
"Wh-Why worry about something like that...? Aaah! Th-There's so muuuuch... Haaaaah!"
Olga cums over and over again, as her pussy is filled to the brim.
She shudders violently, with barely a breath between the next peak.
With nowhere else for it to go, I feel my cum dribble back down my cock.
The sensation seems to be even more pleasurable for Olga, and I feel her cum yet again.
"Whoops, lost some. Well, there's plenty more where that came from...!"
I keep her pussy topped off, fresh cum quickly replacing whatever slips out.
"I-I %i1told%r you, I don't care...! Aah! I can't stop cummiiing... Nh! Haaahn!"
It takes ages before we finally start to come down from the high. It takes longer before we can summon the strength to break the connection.
"Huff... Huff... I can't believe... that I lost to you a-again..."
"Hey, if you ever want to practice, I'm always available."
"J-Just you wait, it'll be my win next time... You'll be sorry then!"
Even though it's mostly a threat, a promise is still a promise.
