サラ
女子生徒
炎厨矢
(Huh!? Wh-What!? There's something in my panties...)
Sarah-san quickly realizes something is wrong. Her pussy lips start to grow hot, full of sultry heat.
Her body naturally starts to react to the hard object pressing against her, and warm juices start to leak from her entrance.
(Oooh, it's so slippery and hot, it's amazing.)
Her wetness gradually coats the tip of my cock, and soon I can't hold back anymore—I have to start pushing forward.
I gradually start to part her pussy lips and slowly drive my shaft into her wetness.
(Mmmph!? I-It's going inside me... Something's going into my pussy! Hahhn!)
Her entrance tightens around me as I slowly slide into her.
"Oh? You're looking really good today, Sarah-san. Really... sexy! Did something good happen?"
"Mmnph... W-Well, maybe... Mmn..."
She pulls her usual sexy pose, trying to cover up how flustered she is.
Unfortunately for her, seeing her trying to hide the sensation she's feeling only makes me more aroused.
(Haaahn! Th-This thing... Ahahnn! I-It's a cock, isn't it? Ahahhn!)
My shaft throbs inside her in response.
Her pussy twitches and clenches, unable to hide the excitement of feeling a cock sliding into it.
Even with just the first few inches inside, she's already squeezing me so hard. I wonder how tight she could possibly get...
(Ahahhhn! Ahn, mmn... Ahnn, hnnngh!)
My cock forces its way inch by inch out of the fabric of the panties, gradually pushing its way into her.
Her pussy grows tighter, so tight I have to concentrate hard on the warm, wet sensation to drive my shaft further out of the panty portal.
Her walls grip me as if trying to roughly massage my encroaching length.
(Hnngh, so this is what Sarah-san's pussy feels like... It really is top class...)
Sitting at the table as if nothing's wrong, I bask in the heat of her insides.
I want to start thrusting my hips deep inside her right this moment, but I need to calm down. I can't risk anyone finding out what's going on.
(Ahhn! No, no, don't go any deeper... Mmmnnph!)
With each inch I push in, her walls grow tighter and tighter, and yet it almost feels as if they're sucking me in.
(Ahhn, no! I just can't resist... My pussy just wants it so much...)
Sarah-san's pussy gets ever hotter and wetter as it grows hungry for even more of the meaty cock invading it.
If it really wants me that much, then I'm happy to oblige!
I focus all of my senses on my cock, and start to imagine it sliding in and out of her wet slit.
(Ahhhhn! I-It suddenly started moving! Ahhhn! Ahn! Ahn, ahnn! Hyaaahnn!)
Sarah-san jolts up into the air in surprise as I suddenly start to thrust.
"A-Are you okay? Your face is bright red. You're shaking too..."
"I-I'm fine. I might have a cold or something, though... Haha, ha... Mmnn!"
(O-Oh no... What on earth is going on? I can't let a student see me like this... I have to hold back! Ahhhn!)
She desperately tries to force her expression into her usual languid smile.
That just makes me start thrusting into her even more wantonly.
"Hnnnghh!?"
"Huh? What was that!?"
The girl stares at Sarah-san as she tries to stifle her moans.
"I-I'm sorry, I have, umm, hiccups! Hiccups! They just won't stop... Hnnghhh!"
"Ohh, I see. Hiccups are really annoying, aren't they?"
"Ahn! Y-Yeah... Th-They're reallyyyyyahhhhn!"
I slam my cock deep into her again and again, mischievously determined to break that facade of normality she's attempting to put up.
(Ahhhn, ahn, ahnahn... Ahhhn, ahhn, ahahhnn!)
Even if she doesn't show it on the surface, I can tell exactly how much she's having to hold back her moans.
Her pussy walls are constricting my cock with desperate, lustful strength, twitching and quivering.
(Mmm, I can tell from how her pussy is gripping me just how much Sarah-san absolutely loves cock!)
"Ahhhn! Mmmnphh, ahhn, ahnn... Mmmn, ahahhn!"
Spurred on by her arousal, my own excitement grows to a fever pitch. I strain against my boxers as I concentrate on ramming deep into her.
The head of my cock forces its way between her tightly-clenching walls repeatedly as they squeeze and massage me with furious intensity.
(I-It's so rough, ahnn! Ahn, s-stop! It feels too good! I'm trying to deal with customers... I can't let them know what's happening! Ahahhhnnn!)
Another girl approaches the counter.
"Excuse me, could I have a Sixth Sense Booster please?"
"O-Oh, a Sex Sense? Just— Ahhhnn!"
"Huh?"
Sarah-san realizes her mistake when the girl in front of her turns bright red.
"Ah, sorry, just a slip of the tongue! 'Sixth' Sense, r-right? Sorry about that!"
Flustered, she hurriedly hands over the item to the girl while trying to cover up her mistake.
(Ahhhhn! Hngh, ahn, ahn! Mmnph, ahahhhn!)
Whenever a student approaches the counter, I thrust into her even harder.
I push into the deepest reaches of her pussy, sending gushes of hot love juices spurting from her quivering entrance.
"O-Oh, no, it's fine, I was just a little surprised. Umm, thanks. Bye!"
Looking back over her shoulder uneasily, the girl scampers off.
(Th-That was close... If I make another mistake like that, I could get found out. Ahahhn!)
I keep psychically ramming my shaft into her, not giving her a moment's rest.
(Ahhhn! Mmnph, ahn, ahn! Hngh, ahhn, ahahhnn!)
I don't let up even when she's not dealing with a customer—far from it. She's growing so slippery and hot that I can't help but thrust harder.
(Ahhhn, no! It's going crazy inside me... Th-This cock is amazing! Ahn, ahahn, mmmn!)
Her pussy squeezes tightly around me with each stroke, quivering with the waves of pleasure crashing through her body.
I have to thrust into her even harder just to stop her walls from completely ensnaring me.
(Ahhnnn! Every time the tip goes inside me, it makes my body shiver... Ahhn, yes, there! Ahnn, I'm going to go crazy! Hnnngh!)
As I swing my imaginary hips, I rub the head of my cock around her entrance with each stroke before swiftly driving deep inside her.
(Ahahhhn! It's going all the way inside me... Ahn, ahnn, ahahhnn! It's so sudden, but it feels so good! Ahahhhn!)
As the pleasure starts to overwhelm Sarah-san, she's faced with another trial.
A horde of students enter the guild hall, and a line of customers quickly forms at the store.
(Ahhn, why now!? Ahnn, no, stop, I'm trying to talk to customers! Ahhn, no, ahahhnn!)
I slam my cock into her with strong, deliberate strokes as she tries to speak.
She somehow manages to keep her mind on her conversations, even if she does let the occasional moan slip out.
(Mmn, ahn, ahn! Hnnngh! Ahn, ahahhn! Hyahhhhnn!)
She's obviously distracted, though. The mistake before isn't the only perverted little slip of the tongue she makes.
All of the girls in line come away looking back over their shoulders with slightly worried expressions.
(Ahnn, don't look at me like that... Don't look at me when I'm trying to talk to people with a cock inside me...)
Trying to hide her arousal in front of everyone like this only seems to be making her even more dripping wet.
The girls all leave without saying a thing, even as Sarah-san's breathing becomes increasingly ragged, and her face bright red.
Her being left alone presents a problem for me, however.
"Hahh, hahh... Th-Things have finally calmed down..."
(Hmm, I can't have her getting any time to recover... Hnngh!)
I slam my shaft into her down to the base, and grind my hips against hers.
(Ahhhnnn! W-Wait! Ahhn, let me rest a little— Ahahhn, ahhn, mmmnphh!)
(Hnnngh... There's no way I can stop when her pussy's gripping me this tightly.)
(Ahahhhn! Mmnph, ahn, ahhn! Mmn, ahahhn!)
I keep my shaft ensconced in her wet, warm folds, throbbing and quivering, letting her feel the shape.
Her entrance twitches and clenches around me, which only goes to make my shaft swell even more.
(Damn, your pussy is the best, Sarah-san!)
I can't resist any more. I pull my shaft out so far that the tip kisses her pussy lips, only to immediately drive myself deep into her again.
(Ahahhhn! Th-This is too much! Ahn, ahhhn, mmnpg! Ahahhhn!)
As much as I can see the frustration etched on her face, I can tell from the eager twitching of her pussy walls that she's crying out for more.
(Mmm, you really do have a greedy pussy, don't you, Sarah-san?)
It's clenching around and massaging my cock as if commanding me to keep plunging inside it, and I gladly oblige, exploring its deepest parts.
(Mmmn, ahn, ahnn! Hnngh! Ahhn, ahahhnn!)
Freed from the need to make conversation, she buries her face against the counter and lets her body buck and writhe with the pleasure.
Her moans take on a myriad of different flavors as I probe her pussy... It's reacting to my cock so eagerly I wonder if she's cumming already.
(Ahahhhn! Ahnn, mmnph... Ahn, ahnhnnn!)
She arches her back and shakes her ass in the air as she moans into the desk.
With no customers around, she's settled into the perfect doggy position.
Her plump, pantyhose-clad ass jiggles deliciously with each thrust... Which gives me an idea.
(Aahhn! Th-There's something touching my ass too! Ahhn!)
I concentrate hard, and I feel my hands magically digging their fingers into the squishy flesh of her cheeks.
The sheerness of her pantyhose and the bounciness of her skin make my fingers tingle.
Pantyhose really do hold incredible power over a man, don't they?
(Ahhn! The cock's getting even bigger! Ahahhhn!)
Sarah-san shudders as she feels my length growing even more engorged inside her.
She instinctively sticks out her ass further, eager to take it inside her, forcing my hands to grip her cheeks even more tightly.
(Phew, that kind of reaction is just going to make me fuck you harder, Sarah-san!)
I start to roughly grope the softness of her ass.
(Ahn, ahn! Th-This must be someone messing with me with magic... Either that, or the effect of the panties...)
"Why hello there, Sarah-san. How are those panties feeling?"
"H-Huh? That voice... Takumi-kun!? Wait, you're doing this!?"
"Oh, you know. Since you gave those panties an appraisal for me, I thought I'd give you a little ass-praisal too."
"A-Ass-praisal?' So this cock, and these hands, they're yours!?"
"Got it in one!"
"H-Honestly, you're such a perverted boy, Takumi-kun... So, what's the result?"
"Hmm, well, between the softness of your ass, and the wetness and tightness of your pussy... My cock's giving you full marks, for sure!"
"Ahhn! I-I'm happy to hear that, but this is a bit much... If I hadn't been distracted by the customers, I probably would have, you know, come..."
"So it's really making you feel good, then? You dirty woman."
"Ahn, don't say that... It was so hard to hold myself back, you know?"
Sarah-san glares at me with a slight pout, which only serves to make a sadistic little tingle run down my spine.
"So, umm... Is this the end of the appraisal?"
The look in her eyes takes on a pleading, hungry glint. Tsk, I guess I have no choice in the matter. Poor me.
"Do you want it to end, Sarah-san? Personally, I wouldn't mind appraising this ass a little more..."
I roughly knead my hands into her soft cheeks, feeling my fingers sink into it deliciously.
(Hyaaahnn! When you grope me like that, ahn, it makes tingles run up my spine... Ahn, ahhn!)
Even though the guild hall is entirely empty now, she's still trying to hold back her moans.
"Sarah-san, let me hear that sexy voice of yours a little more... Mmmn!"
"Ahn, b-but... What if someone comes in? Mmnnn!?"
"Hmm, okay then. I guess I'll just have to force it out of you!"
I let my hands roughly explore those big, bouncy ass cheeks, kneading and squeezing them to my heart's desire.
"Mmn, ahhn... Ahhn, mmn... Ahnn, mmn!"
As much as she tries to resist, Sarah-san's body is completely honest.
She gradually starts to let slip sweet, sultry moans that tingle against my eardrums.
"Oh, looks like you've got a customer."
"Huh, no way!? Takumi-kun, stop, at least for a minute— Ahnn!"
"Are you sure? It gets you even more turned on to be played with in front of someone, doesn't it?"
"Hnngh, Takumi-kun, you're such a bully... Ahahn!"
Holy shit, she's cute!
Her walls are squeezing and clenching as if trying to resist the huge length filling it up, but it just makes me want to enjoy her even more.
I think it's about time to move on to the "endurance testing" part of the appraisal...
"Mmmn, ahn, ahhnn! Mmmph, ahn, ahn... Hahhhhnn!"
I suddenly draw back and plunge my cock back inside her quivering entrance. Sarah-san lets out a high, mellifluous squeal.
"You're so sexy, Sarah-san... Every time I move, your hips quiver in such a dirty way."
"Ahn, d-don't say that! I can't control what my body is doing right now... Ahn, ahnnn! Ahn, ahn, mmn, hahhhnn!"
She let's out a series of deep moans, as if letting out all of the pent-up frustration of every thrust so far.
Her pussy walls squeeze my shaft with wanton intensity, her insides are so tight that it makes my hips shudder with pleasure.
"Aahhhhnnn, mmn, ahn, ahnn! Mmn, ahn, ahnnn, hahhhhn!"
"Mmm, you just get tighter and tighter the harder I fuck you, don't you?"
I slam my cock into her over and over again, my thrusts growing more and more wild and animal-like.
"Ahahhhn! If you're this rough with me, I'll— Ahn, ahhnn! Takumi-kun! Ahahhn!"
(Oh no, ahn! It just feels too good! He's fucking me so hard, but my pussy just keeps wanting more! Ahhhn! Ahahhhn!)
Stretching apart her tightly-clenching pussy with each thrust, I drive my shaft into her down to the hilt.
"AHHHNNN! Mmnph, ahn, ahn... Mmn, ahhhhn!"
Each time the tip strikes her so deeply, her back arches and her entire body quivers.
"Is that greedy little pussy of yours enjoying being appraised like this?"
With every thrust, my cock kisses the entrance to her womb.
Every time it does, Sarah-san jolts and bucks, her soft ass jiggling in my hands.
"Ahahhnn! N-Not there! Th-That's my womb... If you're so rough, you'll break— Ahahhn! Ahnnn!"
Her tongue lolls obscenely out of her mouth as my cock ruthlessly teases her most sensitive spots.
(Hahh, hahh... God, she's soaking wet down there, and burning hot!)
I plunge into her with unceasing, rhythmic intensity, hitting her deep inside every time.
"Ahn, aahnn, shtop... I can feel it in my brain... Ahhn, ahn... Mmmnph, ahahhhnn!"
Her face is now a picture of animal lust, panting and moaning, looking back at the hands groping her ass with unconstrained desire.
"Ahhhn, ahnnn! Mmmn, hahhn!"
I let my own carnal instincts take over too, swinging my hips wildly and sending love juices spurting out of her twitching entrance.
Her nectar soaks through the skimpy panties, and puddles on the floor.
"Mmm, well, your womb certainly passes the appraisal..."
"Ahn, I-I'm glad you like it... Mmn!"
Feeling the sopping wet sensation around the base of my cock, I'm overcome with the desire to appraise this glorious lady with every sense.
I focus hard, and materialize my tongue within the panties. I start to lap hungrily at her juices as they come dripping from her pussy.
"Aaaahhhn! Y-You're tasting it now!? Ahh, don't lick there! Ahhn, ahahn, ahnnn!"
My tongue, sticking out from the crotch of the panties, traces a line up and down one of her engorged pussy lips.
"Mmmn, ahn... Ahahhhn... Ahnnn!"
Sarah-san's body shivers as I slowly, steadily probe her with my tongue.
The strong, salty, intensely arousing taste of her nectar fills my mouth.
"Mmmn... *slurp*... Mwah, *schlurp*!"
"T-Takumi-kun... D-Don't lick there, it's dirty... Ahahhnn!"
I keep licking away at her delicious pussy regardless.
The obscene taste of her juices tingles on my tongue, more and more of her wetness pouring out of her twitching entrance.
"Mmm, you're squirting out so much dirty, tasty pussy juice... Mwah, *slurp*!"
"Mmmm, ahn! Ahn, mmm... Hnngh, mmm!"
Each time my tongue slides across her slick, wet pussy lips, her pussy spasms and clenches.
There's so much nectar drooling out of her in thick spurts that I can hardly swallow it all down.
I slide my tongue into her slit, and it sinks into her already-spasming entrance.
"Ahh, your tongue too!? Ahhhn, stop, no! Ahnn, ahahhn!"
I swirl my tongue around her entrance, bathing it in the juices spilling out of her and filling my mouth with her heady taste.
"Mmmn, ahhhn! Your cock's already in there! Ahhhn, if you lick my pussy like this, I'll, I'll— Ahn, ahahhn!"
I draw my tongue away from her entrance, and slide it down to tease a certain extra-special spot I've yet to appraise.
"Hyaaaaahhnn! Mmmn, ah, ahn, ammn, ahahhhnn!!!"
I flick my tongue against her clit, and her knees tremble and almost give out beneath her.
"Oh wow... Looks like you're quite sensitive here, doesn't it?"
"Aaaahn! Stop, I won't even be able to keep myself upright if you— Ahhn, my mind's going blank! Ahn, hahhn!"
Just the tiniest lick of her clit makes her let out a high, strained moan. Just how much of a weak spot is this for her!?
Before I can take another lick, however, I find her clit grinding against my tongue—seemingly unconsciously. Sarah-san is desperate for more.
"Mmnnnnaahhhhnn! Mmmn, ahn, ahnn, hyaaahhnnn!"
I feel her walls rhythmically squeezing my shaft, urging me to give her even more pleasure.
I start to thrust in and out of her dripping entrance as my tongue flicks against her clit.
"Mmnph, ahn, ahn! Hmmnngh! Mmn, ahn, ahnn! AHAHHN!"
Sarah-san lets out a wild, animalistic moan as I tease her clit and the depths of her pussy at the same time.
She seems powerless to hold back in the face of this sensation that she's never felt before.
"Ahhnnn, Takumi-kun, wait! Th-This is too much! Ahn, ahhn, ahahhhn!"
What her body is saying is entirely at odds with her words. She's pushing back against me to keep sending jolts of pleasure fizzing through her.
"Mmmn, ahn, ahnn! Ahhnnnn! Mmnph, mmmn, ahahhhnnn!"
She seems poised on the brink of orgasm, just in need of the slightest push to send her reeling with pleasure.
(I'm going to tease all of her sensitive spots until she can't help but cum!)
"Mmmn, ahn, ahn! Mmmnph! Hahhhn, ahahhhhn!"
I thrust my shaft into her with wanton abandon as I lick and suck on her quivering little nub.
Her pussy walls are spasming and twitching with my every move.
"Mmmn, ahn, ahnn... Your cock is amazing... My pussy feels so good! Ahnn, hahhhn!"
She starts to buck her hips like a rutting animal, pushing back against me with each thrust.
The sensation of her slippery walls sliding over my shaft grows, and my cock throbs every time it kisses the entrance to her womb.
"Mmm, I can finally say this for sure—you've got a top-class, grade-A pussy, Sarah-san!"
I can feel its warm wetness all around my shaft, head-spinningly hot and lustful, eagerly urging me to keep plunging deep inside of it.
"D-Don't say that! Ahhn, it makes my pussy want more... Ahhn, ahn, hahhhhn!"
Her walls constrict around my cock, greedily urging me to cum, but I keep forcing my way through until my cock strikes her most sensitive spots.
"Ahhhnn! Mmn, ahn, ahnnnn! Ahn, hahhn!"
Sarah-san is now moaning shamelessly, filling the hall with the sound of her pleasure mixed with the wet splattering of her love juices.
"Ahn, ahnnn! I-It's all spilling everywhere! Your cock is forcing the juices out! Ahhnnnnn!"
"Hnngh, I'm cumming, Sarah-san!"
Then, I plunge my cock deep into her, pressing my tip to the entrance of her womb as I start to shudder with the first waves of orgasm.
"Hahhhn! I-I can feel it! Ahn, your cock is making my pussy cum! I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Ahahhhnn, I'm cummmingggg!"
She lets out a high, almost beastly cry of pleasure, and her pussy grips me with such force that I couldn't pull out if I wanted to.
"HYAAAAHHHNNN! I-I can feel it pouring inside of me! Ahhn, it's so hot... It's filling up my womb! Ahahhnn!"
The pressure building up in my body finally reaches breaking point, and I release a thick torrent of cum directly into her.
"Hnngh, Sarah-san!"
"Ahnn, ahnn! N-No, I'm cumminggg... Ahnn, ahahhnnn!"
The intense waves of orgasm hit Sarah-san at the same time as I start to pump her full of cum, sending spurts of love juices streaming from her.
The panties and her pantyhose are soaked through with the immense flood of nectar, running down her legs and pooling on the floor.
"Ahn, mmmn, ahahn... Ahnn, mmn..."
Her wet panties cling to her pussy lips as she cums, simply letting her juices squirt through them.
The sight makes me cock throb even harder, pulsing with shot after shot of sticky white liquid.
"Ahhhn, i-it's still coming out... It's so thick... It's filling up my womb! Ahahhn!"
Sarah-san's legs quake like a newborn foal as the pleasure of feeling my cum pouring inside her overwhelms her.
My own legs are quivering too—giving her such a close appraisal has made me so aroused that I feel like a wild animal.
"Mmnnnahhhnn! Mmn, ahn, ahnn! Mmn, ahahhn!"
It fills up her womb until it's flooding out of her entrance, mixing with her own overflowing juices.
Yet I still keep pouring it into her, wanting to fill every part of her perfect body with my desire.
"Aahhhn, i-if you fill me up that much, my pussy will get addicted... Ahahhn!"
Her face is a picture of animal lust, her tongue lolling out and drooling obscenely down her chin, grinning shamelessly.
I flood her with every last drop I have, with the desperation of a breeding animal.
"Th-There's too much... I've never felt like this before, ahahhhnn...!"
Far from too much, I think this is just the right amount I'd need to satisfy a woman with a body as hot as Sarah-san.
Squirt after squirt of her juices splutters out of her spasming entrance as her pussy twitches and twitches.
"God, it feels so good inside you, I just can't stop cumming..."
"Hehe... When an asspraiser like you says it, I can almost believe it... But I'm already so full up... Ahn, mmn, it won't stop!"
Drips of cum leak out from her pussy, overflowing and landing with a sloppy splash on the floor.
Her entrance puckers and twitches, and she lets out sweet, ragged breaths as she feels it dribbling out.
As the torrent of cum finally starts to abate, I stare down at the puddle on the floor and realize just how much I've came.
It's not just on the floor, either—in order to get there, it's had to spill out of her panties and pantyhose, which each have their own pools.
Her pantyhose are soaked, glistening with wetness down to her shoes.
"Hahh, hahh... I guess I'm going to have to close up shop for the day... Hehe! ♪"
Even as she says this, she's still gripping my cock tightly between her pussy walls.
She wiggles her ass at me, sending tingles of pleasure down my spine.
"Next time, you should give me a good appraisal with your real cock, not a magical one... Okay?"
She doesn't wait for my response. She simply hungrily presses her lips to mine.
