カシュニア
ナオミン
ミャウ
リディア
女の子
女子生徒Ａ
女子生徒Ｂ
炎厨矢
英玲奈
Today is the day we all have to slave our asses off and clean the entire academy.
"Stop slacking and help clean the corridor!"
"Can't we just do this with magic...?"
"Control skills take a surprising amount of focus and mana to cast and maintain, especially for a useless wizard like you!"
Tsch! Who're you calling useless!? Stuck-up fake-tan witch...
Just you wait, I'll get you good the next time my buddy Ero-Magic comes along!
That moment, I hear a cheerful and cute voice condescend me from above.
"Haaahahaha! A crappy, perverted little wizard like you is better suited scrubbing the floor down on his knees! Hahaha!"
"Kashnia! Do something useful with your wings for a change and clean the ceiling!"
"How dare a mere dark elf order Kashnia, a vampire and master of darkness, to clean the ceiling!? How absurd!"
"Haaahahahaha, haaahahahaha!"
Three minutes later...
"*sob*... There was no need... *sniffle*... to get so angry... *sob* *sob*..."
What's with this girl!? She was all confident at first, then she was derailed. Now she's a complete train wreck... My kinda girl!
"*sniffle*... Ah, Takumi, thanks for the handkerchief. You're such a sweet guy... Hnfffffff!"
"Don't blow your nose in my handkerchief!"
"Huh, Erena? What's she doing with that broom?"
I see Erena-san kind of fidgeting on a broom.
"Hey, what're you up to over here?"
"Aaack! H-Hey! Wh-Where did you come from!?"
"You know, that's not how you use a broom..."
"Wh-What would you know!?"
"As far as I can remember, you told me once that you weren't very good at broomstick riding."
"Don't tell me you were trying to masturbate with it like I caught you doing on the corner of that desk bef— Phwoah!"
I'm suddenly crushed by the air around me before I can finish. It's like someone wrestled me to the ground.
"Haaah... D-Doing a figure-four leg lock using magic is cheating! Besides, surely it's against human rights!"
"I'm a witch. I don't care about human rights! ♪"
She's no witch... She's a damned daemon!
"Oh, forgive me, Erena-sama! I'm so sorry! I surrender! You win! Don't kill me!"
"Oh, quit fooling around!"
"I could say the same to you and your broom!"
Argh! This is one vindictive woman. She was about ready to %i1sweep%r me from existence! Tsch!
Here I am cleaning the floor of the corridor again...
...*sigh*... I hate cleaning...
The only good part about it is that since I'm on the ground, I can peek up the girls' blouses when they reach up to clean the windows.
That and the numerous plump, white thighs that walk past as I scrub the floor bring me hope in this time of darkness.
Apparently, as the only man in this all-girls academy, I'm at the bottom of the pecking order and am not allowed to use a mop.
"I'm stuck here scrubbing the floor like a pleb... I wouldn't mind so much if I was having sex at the same time... *sob*..."
As I sulk to myself in utter self-pity and despair...
"A-Are you okay, Takumi-san?"
As I slowly look upward, I see white thighs, panties, some huge boobs, and then the faces of Myau and Lydia-chan.
Oh, my goddesses!
"Actually, there were no mops left, so I'm forced to break my back scrubbing this floor and I'm not even having sex..."
"Oh Takumi-san... You can use my mop! I'm a maid, so I'm used to scrubbing floors!"
"*sob*... Oh, Myau... Thank you so much! *sob*..."
"Err, Senpai... I know this isn't much, but it's all I can do to cheer you up... Mmmngh, mwah, mlln... Mwah, mmngh!"
Well, my dick is certainly cheered up! Thanks, Lydia-chan!
"Aaah! Not fair! It's my turn!"
Myau springs into action and begs for my affection.
"Hahmm, nnh... Mwahh! Mmngh, mlln, mmngh... Mwah..."
A new Ero-Magic skill graces my subconscious as I taste the kiss of angels.
"The Big, Naked Clean?" Whoa! Cleaning while naked!? That's just like an eroge!
After pondering that meta thought, I chant that Ero-Magic to get me the hell out of cleaning like some servant!
There is no hesitation when it comes to Ero-Magic.
"Wow... Why don't we clean naked back in my world? It's the best idea ever!"
"T-Takumi-san, make sure to plunge your huge mop deep into our gushing buckets so it gets nice and wet."
"S-Senpai... And be sure to put it in and out many times to ensure thorough cleaning... Haaahn..."
"Leave it to me, girls! I'll leave no bucket un-plunged!"
Myau and Lydia-chan possess magnificently voluptuous naked bodies for first years.
Without further ado, I plunge my cock-mop into their pussy-buckets, alternating between them with each thrust.
"Aaaaaah! Takumi-san... Hnngh, ah, aaah... Aaahn... I can feel you cleaning deep inside of me!"
"Hng, aaahn! You're even cleaning my butthole with your finger... I'm getting so clean, I think I'm going crazy! Haaahn!"
Both of their buckets clean my mop in return. I'm almost ready to wring it out.
"Haaah, haaah... I think it's time for a thick layer of my special polish, girls!"
I feel a numbing pleasure in my mop in the intense multi-bucket action, forcing me to wring it out there and then.
"Aaaaaah! I'm cumming, Takumi-san! My bucket is so cleeean! Haaah, haaah..."
"Haaahnngh... M-Me too! My bucket can't take any more! Your mop is making me cum! Hnngh!!"
Unable to hold out on wringing my mop for a moment longer, my %i1filthy%r liquid gushes deep inside their buckets.
I leave them both to soak in their ecstasy and head back to the classroom.
"H-How am I supposed to clean like this!?"
"Well, you could get down on your hands and knees like an innocent priestess scrubbing a temple floor?"
"Aaahn... Why does the class president have to do something so humiliating!? Aaahn..."
Ero-Magic is frighteningly powerful... She voices her complaints, but she gets down on all fours with her pussy on full display.
"That sounds a little ironic considering your gushing-wet pussy. How about I wipe it up with my tongue?"
"Noo! Pervert! Where do you think you're... Nnh... Cleaning!? Hnngh, nhaaah... Nnh!"
"No matter how much I wipe, the dirty liquid keeps coming out... It's just getting dirtier and dirtier."
"Aaahn... That's because you're pervertedly... Ahn... licking down there with your tongue... Haaahn!"
"Mmmngh... Your shiny black dark elf pussy must be properly licked clean!"
"Haaaaaah... Nnh, I can't... Hnngh, stop! Yaaahn!"
In stark contrast to her dignified dark elvish demeanor, Naomin shakes her butt in defiance and I can't get enough!
"Oh, you want me to stop? All right, I'll stop your naughty juices from gushing out by plugging it with my cock. Kh!"
My cock was greeted with an invitingly warm slickness.
I thrust as deep as my shaft can go, pushing past any resistance within.
"Aaaaaah... Haaaaaahn... G-Get out of there! Aaahaaahn... Nnh!"
"You want me to get off in there? Sure, I can do that!"
"I said 'get %i1out%r,' not '%i1off%r!' Get your dirty little worm out of me this instant! Nnh, haaahn!"
"Oh, I can tell by your tone that you're just %i1pretending%r to not enjoy this. Not to mention that your pussy seems to be loving it too."
"Aaahn... Nnh, n-no... Nnhaaahn... Hah, haaah, ahn... Aaahn!!"
"Aaah, that's the spirit! It's so tight!"
"S-Stop pushing into me! Aaah, ah, ah... Ah, aaahn!"
(Aaah... You're so deep it's making me go crazy... Aaahn...)
"Surrender yourself to the pleasure, class president! Besides, we're not done cleaning yet!"
As if by magic, Naomin begins to subconsciously push her ass against me in rhythm to my thrusts.
"Aaahn... Harder, harder! Give me more... Aaaaaah!"
The more I thrust into her, the more this usually strict class president begs for more cock.
That's when I notice that some other girls are watching and reacting to our super cleaning sex.
"Aaah... Amazing! The class president is cleaning the floor with her pussy up in the air..."
"Haaahn... I think her pussy is the one that's doing the cleaning... Aaahn... I want to clean Takumi-san's dick too!"
"Aaahn... I f-forbid you from watching! Aaah, it feels so good... You can't watch!"
Naomin's pussy hugs my cock tight the moment she notices we are being watched.
I think it's about time for me to blow my load!
The pussy-hugging eases up a little as we both reach our limits.
"Aaah... Ah, ah! I-I'm cumming! Yaaahn, aaaaaahn!"
"Haaah, haaah... Takumi-kun, you've gone and made me all dirty again..."
Oh, do you want me to clean you up all over again?
"Aaahn... It's cleaning time. Use your mop and clean this mess up at once! Nnh..."
"Well, I can't refuse the class president's begging, can I? I'll even clean your butthole as a bonus!"
Naomin looks at me seductively with seemingly heart-shaped eyes before glancing down to my already fully recharged cock.
