ミャウ
炎厨矢
(The maid cafes in my world were similar, but this is on a whole other level.)
This is Moon Doria. It's a pretty famous maid cafe in this world, known for its many adorable maids.
Apparently you have to pass all kinds of tests to work here, which even include a swimsuit exam.
That's gotta be one of the owner's fetishes! I can't help but get lost in that daydream.
"Welcome back, Takumi-saaan! ♪"
As my imagination is running wild, I hear a familiar voice call out to me from inside the cafe.
She's as breathtakingly cute as always... Especially with her boobs overflowing from her maid outfit like that!
She notices me staring...
"Are you hungry? Or perhaps you'd prefer a bath? Or maybe... But nooo, I can't say %i1that%r to %i1you%r, Takumi-san! ♪"
Myau sounds less like a maid, and more like a new bride after her wedding.
"You're really going all in, huh?"
Damn, I can't get enough of those tits!
"It's not a problem for me!"
Myau moves in closer, smiling widely all the while.
I'm not normally the kind of guy to get drawn in by these sorts of tactics, but...
Those luscious M-cup puppies pushed up against her body like that? Yowza!
"Today... we're holding a parfait cannibal— I mean, parfait carnival!"
"Hey, don't joke about stuff like that... For all I know, cannibals might be a real thing in this world."
Myau giggles at my concern. I think she's toying with me!
A master has to keep his dignity, though! If this weren't a maid cafe, I might've been on top of her already!
"Now then, open up and let your humble servant feed you some parfait!"
Right now? But I haven't even ordered yet!
"Uhh... Hey, if you're offering! Aaaah..."
I can't just refuse that spoon's temptations. I open up and invite it in.
"Wow, that's delicious!"
I feel like our flirting is starting to attract the attention of the other patrons in the cafe!
I can practically feel their jealousy! This is really embarrassing!
Should I maybe order something else...
"Hmm. I think I'll try this Moon Doria special that's highlighted on the menu."
Even in a world like this one, there's no way a special can be bad, right?
I forget all about Myau's amazing boobs as the anticipation of what might emerge from the kitchen fills me with intrigue. I hope it's not still alive.
"Alright, one Moon Doria lunch special coming right up!"
Myau cheerfully takes my menu and heads to the back of the cafe.
...
......
"Aaand there we are. The Moon Doria special."
"This is one special lunch! But... Huh? Do my eyes deceive me, or uh, isn't this just doria with a fried egg?"
Myau does her best to promote the special, puffing up her chest to distract me.
I guess the egg represents the moon, and with the doria, that makes a Moon Doria... She's really trying to sell me on this.
%150;It's just a fucking gag!
"Oh Takuuumi-san! It's time for our personalized service."
I'm a little worried about what kind of service this will be, but her smile seriously puts me at ease.
"Uh, okay."
I agree before I even realize it.
Myau picks up the ketchup and begins to write something on my egg.
Awkward would be underselling this. She's downright struggling with it! And then...
The sound of a mighty sploosh of ketchup as a sweet-tangy tomato-y volcano erupts.
Our table resembles some kind of gruesome crime scene.
"Whoa! Uh, Myau-san!?"
"Heehee... I never did have good handwriting."
I'll say! But hey, she's cute, so I'll let this one slide. Maybe it was even part of her whole maid routine.
"Huh!?"
My thoughts are interrupted by the sensation of the Ero-Magic coming into me again.
Today's Ero-Magic is... The "Moon Doria Secret Menu."
A maid cafe's secret menu! What kind of exclusive goodies might I find here? Let's have a look!
