オルガ
女子生徒Ａ
女子生徒Ｂ
炎厨矢
Ugh, I can't believe it. Even after boosting my luck stats, I %i1still%r ended up getting paired with you.
"Sorry, but it's your stats against mine. And the day that my luck runs out'll be the day dicks fly.
"...You mean 'pigs.'"
"Hm? What was that?"
"It's 'when pigs fly,' not 'when DICKS fly!'"
Her cheeks turn a vivid red after she realizes what she's said. For an uptight crusader like her, it's an embarrassment worse than %i1death%r.
"...Why, you! Look at what you made me say!"
"I'll bet it's nothing that you didn't already want to say! Still, I hope that %i1cock-up%r hasn't %i1tainted%r our working relationship..."
"I don't know %i1anyone%r who would genuinely want to spout such p-profanities besides %i1you%r!"
As for why the two of us are traipsing through this dimly lit passage? Well, today's lecture is on disabling traps in the campus dungeon.
"Yeeeeeek!"
"No waaaay!"
The shrieks and laughter of girls who've failed to disarm the traps scattered about the dungeon echo through the halls.
They're real traps, don't get me wrong?but none of them are actually deadly.
"Hey..."
"What now?"
"Is it just me, or have your tits gotten a little bigger?"
"...Are you serious!? Wh-Where did THAT come from!?"
"From staring at your armor-clad boobs, obviously. Man, what I wouldn't give to just bury my face in between those two, plush..."
"I-Is my chest the ONLY thing you ever look at!?"
Olga's face flushes a few shades darker as she demurely crosses her arms in front of her chest. But, given how amply endowed she is, that barely covers anything.
"Of course not! I spend plenty of time checking out your ass, too."
"...*gasp*! W-Well, quit looking at %i1either%r of them! We've got more important things to worry about!"
She shifts, trying (and failing) to hide her pale, plump hips.
"But all your sparring has sculpted your booty into something that just begs to be admired! C'mon, lemme take a closer look. You know you want me to...!"
"I-I don't think it's %i1that%r shapely..."
"Oh, but it's almost admirable how you're able to just blurt out whatever shameful thoughts are on your mind... Wait, what am I saying!?"
"Aw, flattery won't get you anywhere. You'll have to get yourself off!"
"That wasn't a compliment! Or a proposition!"
Olga glances away, blushing the deepest shade of red that I've ever seen.
But, right in the middle of this ridiculous conversation...
I'm granted a new Ero-Magic skill that's going to take this technical lesson and turn it on its head.
"Reverse Booby Trap"? Ooooh, I see what they did there. This one's gonna be good!
Yeah, you'd better believe I'm casting this right now.
Olga turns towards the treasure chest, casting a simple charm to ward against traps.
"Right, the rest is up to you."
"Like hell it is! You started the job, so why don't you finish it? Don't you have any confidence in your own abilities?"
"I cast that charm, didn't I? It should be fine."
"Pft, I can dispel traps in a snap! It's just like undoing a bra!"
"...That's a horrible example."
"But, that's not the point! You're pushing %i1me%r to open that chest because you don't have the nerve!"
"...Excuse me?"
"I swear, it's like you've got more boobs than bravado!"
"Y-You leave my breasts out of this! If it's %i1that%r much of a big deal, then I'll do it myself... You really are a good-for-nothing pervert."
I'm not entirely sure what tipped the scales in my favor, but Olga seems almost happy to take the lead. She places her hand on the latch.
"Really, though, I don't see how could anyone fall for a trap this simp? Huh?"
As soon as Olga opens the chest, a bright white light floods the narrow passageway.
