リディア
炎厨矢
Before I know it, I'm transported somewhere... To what seems to be in front of the altar at a church.
I can hardly see, however, since right in front of my face are Lydia-chan's plump ass and pussy lips.
"Whoa, what's that feeling in my crotch!? Is that... Are you sucking my cock, Lydia-chan?"
"Mmmn... Hahh, hahh, Takumi-shenpai... *slurp*! I promish... Mwah... To alwaysh be honesht about shex... *schlurrp*!"
Wait, what's that outfit she's wearing...?
"Whoa!?"
She's wearing a wedding dress so sparklingly white and pure it could cleanse even my dirty heart!
Atop her head, she's wearing a tiara and a veil, and what's more, underneath it she's wearing a pair of white panties and a garter belt.
Her boobs, however, are shamelessly hanging out of her dress, wrapped around my cock as she licks it and makes her vows.
They're not exactly normal wedding vows, though. They're the kind that are making my shaft throb!
But as hot as it all is, the one thing that strikes me above all else is just how beautiful she is...
"Hahh... In shickness... and in health, mmn... In horninesshh, and in bed... Mmnn, *slurp*!"
Her tongue swirls around the head of my cock as she strokes my shaft between her breasts.
"Mmmn! Mwah... Mmnph, *slurp*... Mmn..."
There's something different from the normal dreams she gives me. My heart is racing... I'm even more turned on than usual.
"Mmnph, mmn... *slurp*! I promish, mmn... To shuck Takumi-shempai's cock every day... And fuck him every night.."
Just like she promises, she wraps her lips around the head of my cock and laps away at the tip.
"And I promise to lick and fuck your succubus pussy every day too, Lydia-chan... Mmn! *schlurrp*!"
I slide her panties to the side, and run my tongue along her slit. Her hips twitch cutely.
She swirls her tongue around my tip with even more intensity, trying not to be distracted by the sensation. 
"Ahahhn... Mmn, I promish through better and through worshe... Mmn, to alwaysh pleashe your cock... *schlurrrp*!"
She only takes her lips from my cock to make even more lewd vows. Her hot breath tingles against the saliva on my tip.
I get the feeling that even in the worst times, I'd be happy with Lydia-chan, even without her pleasing my cock.
Her pussy lips form a beautifully plump upside-down heart shape, so enticing I can't put it into words.
"Mmnn! Mwah... Mm, hahh... *slurpp*! Mwah! Mmn!"
"Mmmn... I promish... to be Takumi-shempai's to hold and to have... Mmn, in the pushy and even in the ass, mmmnph!"
In response, I slide my tongue upwards to flick it around her asshole, before planting a little kiss on it.
"Hahhn! Ahn, i-it'sh really embarrasshing if you lick me there... Ahn!"
"Tsk, didn't you just promise to let me? Tsk, I'm going to have to give it a little punishment for you breaking your vow so quickly!"
I swirl my tongue around the tight little hole, tracing it over every crease and bump.
"Ahhnn, hahhhn! Hahhn, ahhhn!"
Her plump cheeks jiggle against my face as she fidgets uneasily... They're so soft!
"Ahn, ahhhnn! Haahhhhn!"
"Ahhn... Th-Thish ishn't fair... It feelsh too good... My hipsh won't shtop moving... Ahahhn!"
"Ahhhn, your tongue, it'sh... Ahhhn! Hahhhn!"
Her pussy lips are so plump and smooth. They're perfect... Gah, I can't resist, I need to lick them too!
I start to slide my tongue into her slit and make my own kind of very fervent "vow."
"Mwah, *lick*! Mmnph, *slurp* *lick*!"
"Mmn! Mmn, hahhn! Ahn, ahahn!"
As expected, Lydia-chan shudders in pleasure atop me.
I'm so satisfied at making her feel good that I forget that, knowing her, she'll instantly return the favor.
She starts to rub and squeeze her boobs around my shaft, making me lose my breath for a moment.
"Mmmn, ahhn! Hahhn... Ahhn! Ahn, mmn!"
"Your pre-cum's mixing with my milk... Hahhn, it feels so dirty... Ahahhn!"
Her expression is one of pure succubus lust. She wraps her lips hungrily around my cock again.
The tip of my cock is enveloped in the heat of her mouth, while my shaft is surrounded by the slick, milky, sweaty warmth of her boobs.
"Mmnpph! Mwah... Mmn, *slurrp*! Mmmn!"
My entire cock feels like it's melting inside her... It's almost unfair, a girl being this erotic!
"Mmnph... Takumi-shempai... Doesh it feel good? Mmn, *slurrrp*... Mmmn! Mm, hahhn! Mmmn!"
Hnngh, this is too much. I can feel myself being forced to the brink already!
"Mmmmn! You want to cum, don't you? Please, fill my mouth up with your 'vow'! Mmmnph!!!"
(I-I'm cumming!)
"Mmmmmn! Mmn, hahhn!"
My cock starts to spurt thick ropes of cum, and a smiling Lydia-chan eagerly wraps her lips around it and gulps it down.
I can hear her slurping obscenely as she licks and swallows every single drop from my pulsing tip.
"Mmnph... *gulp*! Ahhn... There's so much... What a strong vow. ♪ *lick*!"
Throwing Lydia-chan off me in passion, I grab her and hoist her up into a princess carry.
"Takumi-senpai... I-I'm so happy... Mmn, *mwah*!"
"That's not the end of my vows, though. We've got to make sure the priest gets a good view of this!"
I line my cock up with her dripping entrance, and push inside of her. Even though I just came, my shaft is aching with desire.
"Hehe, ahn, Takumi-senpai! ♪ Mmn, your cock's so wet with my spit... Hahhn!"
Her tongue's movements were so wild that saliva has dripped all the way down my shaft to my balls.
Hearing her say it in her own words makes my spine tingle.
She's hardly one to talk. She's dripping all the way down her thighs to her glistening asshole.
"Ahhn... When you hold me like this... your cock reaches all the way to my womb. It's kissing it... Hahh, hahhn..."
In this position, my shaft is entirely enveloped in her tightness, the tip rubbing up against the entrance to her womb.
"Ahhhn... Takumi-senpai, Takumi-senpai... I love everything about you! I have since the moment we met! Ahahhn!"
"The moment we met"... I feel my heart throb in my chest.
I think back to that time, to the shy girl that chose me to help her... And now here she is, shining brighter than I could ever have imagined.
"Hahhn! I-It feels so good! My pussy won't stop twitching! Ahhn!"
It's squirming around my cock so much that I can feel every part of her pussy walls eagerly lapping at my shaft.
Her pussy always seems so ecstatic to accept me inside of it.
"Hahn, ahhn... Ahahhn! Ahn, ahn, ahhhn!"
Each time I drive my cock up into her, droplets of sweat and milk spray into the air.
The entire church is filled with the sweet scent leaking from her breasts.
"Ahhn... You're playing with my boobs too? Ahn, hehe, Takumi-senpai... Stop, it feels too good. I'll go crazy, hehe... Ahahhn!"
Her puffy nipples are dancing in front of me as I thrust. I can't resist taking one in my mouth and starting to eagerly slurp on it.
Her usually shy, half-hidden nipple is standing stiff and proud, filling my mouth with her sweet taste.
"Ahahn! My pussy fits around your cock like a wedding ring! Ahhn, I'm so happy, hahhn..."
Those words send a tingle down my spine, and I start to roughly thrust my shaft up into that twitching band.
"Ahhn, yes! Drink all of my milk too, Takumi-senpai! Hahhhn!"
"Mmmnph! Hahhn, ahhn, ahahhn!"
"Mwah! Mmn, *slurp*! Ahhn, as husband and wife, we've got to share everything, even spit... So drink as much as you want, ahhn..."
Naturally, my reply to this is to press my lips to hers and let her tongue hungrily explore my mouth.
"Mmmn! *slurrp*! Mwah, mmn... *schlurrrppp*!"
I push back her tongue with mine and force myself into her mouth to drink my fill of her saliva too.
"Hahhn.. Takumi-shempai... Your tongue, ahnn... Mwah, *slurrp*... It's sho hot, I might melt... Mmmn, ahhn!"
We keep swapping our spit back and forth like a hot, wet exchange of vows.
When we've shared so much that our lips are slick with saliva, our blissful rutting begins again.
"Ahn, hnngh! I, ahhn... I want to make a final vow to you, ahn, and your cock! Hahhn!"
I quiver as I look down at her gleeful expression... And her bouncing boobs, of course.
"Hahhn, I, Lydia Luitgard... Am eternally grateful, ahhn, for meeting someone so gentle, and sweet, and perverted... Hahhn!"
Adorably, Lydia-chan does her best to sweetly intone her vows even as I drive my cock relentlessly against the entrance to her womb.
"Ahhn, and I promise, as your bride... to always love you! Ahahhn, hahhhn!"
"I love you too... So now I have to kiss the bride, on her womb! Get ready for a long, thick kiss!"
The pressure in my lower half is pushed to a boiling point by her vows, and my cock erupts with a powerful stream of cum.
It paints the entrance to her womb white, filling her up with all of the love that her words have made well up in me.
"Ahhn, it's like confetti for my womb! I'm so happy... Hahhn, hahhn... Takumi-senpai... I do, hehe! ♪"
Lydia-chan laughs happily even as her expression fills with ecstasy. She even has time to make silly jokes.
It's amazing how cute she can be in a situation like this.
"Hahh, hahhn... Your cock's still so hard. I'm so lucky to have a husband with so much energy, hehe... Mmn, mwah! *slurrrp*!"
She pushes her tongue into my mouth again. She obviously doesn't want this dream to end.
Her kiss instantly makes my cock stiffer than before.
I grind my hips against hers, and then start to thrust with all my might.
"Ahahhn! Takumi-senpai! Takumi-senpai! You're being so rough! I love it! Ahahhn!"
"Please, fill my greedy succubus pussy up again! Mmmn, give me so much that I'll definitely get pregnant! Put a baby in me! Ahahhn!"
"A baby? Pssh, I'm going to give you so much of my cum that you'll have twins!"
"Ahahhn! I'm cumming again! Yes, Takumi-senpai! Ahahhhnn!"
Her moans are high and passionate. She clings onto me, quivering and squirming in my arms.
At the same moment, my cock kisses the entrance to her womb and starts to pulse with jet after jet of thick seed.
"Hahh, hahhn... Your cum is filling me up! It's sho amazinggg... Mmmnn! ♪"
I pour out every drop I possibly can inside of her, filling her belly so much I can almost see it swelling up.
There's so much that it starts to overflow, spilling out of her twitching entrance. A hot mix of cum and love nectar splashes onto the church floor.
Seeing it spill all over her beautiful, milky-white skin instantly makes my cock throb again.
"Hahhn, it's getting even bigger! Mmmmn! ♪ Hahh, hahhn...!"
Her insides are so hot and wet that I want to just melt into them!
I completely lose all restraint. I slam my aching, swollen cock into her like a wild beast.
"Ahh, Takumi-senpai, yes! Take my perverted pussy to heaven with your cock! Ahahhnn!"
"Ahnn, hahhhn! Mmmn! Hahhn!"
Her pussy walls squeeze and massage me so hard that I really feel like we're melting into one.
"Ahhhn, yes, yes! My pussy is so happy... AHHHNN!"
My cock erupts with a seemingly endless flow of thick, sticky cum.
Even after cumming so many times, my desire for her is so intense that I can't help but fill her with so much that it starts to spill out.
"AAHHNN, HNNNGH! Hahh, hahhn, mmn! Haaahhhn!"
She throws her head back and writhes in my arms as huge gushes of cum and love juices spurt out from the point where we're joined.
"Hahhn! I'm so full up! I'm full of your cum, and happiness! Hahh, hahhn..."
"Takumi-senpai... Mmmn, mwah..."
Her eyes are swimming with bliss. She clings onto me and kisses me, and I happily entwine my tongue with hers.
...
...
"Ahhhn... Takumi-senpai... Mmn, I'm so happy right now..."
I keep her there, in my arms, and stare into her eyes.
"Mmmn, mwah... I never want to wake up from this dream... Mwah, hahhn..."
"Mmm, me neither, Lydia-chan... Mwah, mmnph!"
We stay like this, doting on each other like newlyweds do, until Lydia-chan's magic finally runs out.
