アサミ
女の子
炎厨矢
"Waahhh!"
"Whoa!"
Something falls from above me, and I suddenly feel my Ero-Magic kick in.
"Fruit of the Womb." Whip out your virile third leg, and turn that seed into an egg!
It's a spell that makes any girl fertile no matter what time of the month it is.
"Owwww! Ah, I'm sorry! Don't be scared, I'm not a burglar or anything!"
I don't think I've ever seen a burglary that involved someone falling from the ceiling...
"A-Asami-chan?"
I recognize the girl. She's Oshino Asami-chan, a first-year at Koga Shinobi-no-Sato Ninja Academy. I met her recently.
At first she introduced herself as a 'super-ninja from the respected Koga clan,' but, well, you can probably already guess how stealthy she is.
The 'super-ninja' is now sitting in my lap with her legs open.
And thanks to the fall, her ninja-themed school uniform has ridden up and is completely exposing her perky, soft-looking boobs.
"Huh!? Takumi-dono! What are you doing here? Hang on, is that...!?"
I notice a strange feeling in my crotch. Where she fell was right where my exposed cock was. Wait a sec...
No, wait a sex! I've ended up with it buried all the way into her pussy!
Bless you, Ero-Magic!
"Hnngh!? Quickly, let me off, Takumi-dono! I need to get myself off! Hahh, hahhn..."
Does she really think a line like that's going to make me want to stop now? Who'd pass up this chance to screw a ninja like this?
"What the hell were you doing in my ceiling anyway?"
"Hahh, hahhh... I was hungry, so I was looking for the dorm's kitchen..."
"More importantly, l-let me off! Ahhn... Please... Hnngh!"
We're just chatting with my cock buried inside her. But now that I think about it... Damn, aren't ninjas meant to be stealthy, not sexy?
She's showing a lot of skin for a spy meant to conceal herself. She's certainly got the attention of my lower half.
Her boobs are peeking out from her underwear too... I can't help myself. I reach out and take a feel of them.
"Ahhn! S-Stop... Ahn, don't attack my weak point like that... Haaahhn!"
"Your weak point? Tsk, a warrior should never give away their flaws. You deserve some punishment for that!"
"Ahhnn! Th-There's no way a super-ninja like me will be defeated by something like this— Hyahhhn! Don't play with my nipples!"
"Tsk, I can tell you love having your tits teased. Don't try to deny it!"
As much as she's protesting, I can already hear the pleasure in her moans.
"Man, they're already so stiff... Hmm, I think you want it a little rougher, right?"
"Ahhn, mmmnph! Mmmnn!"
"They're so pink too. They look delicious... Mmn, *lick*!"
Her face is growing redder and redder with embarrassment as I narrate my actions.
"Ahn! D-Don't lick them! Hahhhn!"
Pssh, how can I resist when they're so cute and inviting?
"Mmmn, *slurrrppp*!"
I rock my hips to grind my cock inside her as I play with her boobs.
"Hnnngh! Ahahhhn!"
Her instinctual excitement is growing so much, I can feel her heart throbbing through her chest.
The sight of her shamefacedly starting to feel the pleasure is so cute that I can't control myself.
"Ahhhn! Ahn! Mmngh! Hahhn!"
"With boobs like these, you should be a geisha, not a ninja... I just want to gobble them up!"
I start to nibble at her nipples as I squeeze them, feeling the perkiness and springiness in my hands.
"Haaahhhn!"
"Mmm, they're so tasty!"
I bite down on them a little harder, and her body bucks as if struck by electricity.
Asami-chan doesn't seem to know how to deal with the strange sensation, but her growing arousal is obvious.
"Hahhhn... N-No way..."
She squirms and writhes underneath me as I tease her most sensitive spots.
"Tsk, what am I thinking? I should be biting and licking at the same time... *schlurp*, mmn!"
"Ahhn! Hahhn, no, don't bite them! Hnngh!"
Pssh, you tell a man not to do something and he'll want to do it even more. Especially when it's playing with these cute, stiff little nipples!
"Mmmn, hahh, hahhh..."
Her pussy's amazing too. It's like it's sucking me in every time I thrust. Is this some kind of ninja trap?
"Hahhn! Wh-What's going on? This feeling— Ahhn, mmn, ahn!"
With every thrust the tip of my cock kisses the entrance to her womb, and she quivers in pleasure.
"Your pussy's squirting our juice every time I move. Damn, I can feel it running down my shaft..."
"Ahn, stop... I can feel it all the way inside of me... I know today's a safe day, and I'm starting to want, umm..."
"Ahhhn! Wh-What was that!?"
A magic circle appears above her belly for a moment as she's grinding her hips against mine.
"Safe day? Pssh, what are you talking about? There's no safe days with me!"
"Huh!? N-No way! I can get pregnant now? You're really going to put a baby in me? Hnngh!"
Her surprised response is quickly cut off by my cock driving toward her womb.
"Ahhn, no, not inside! Ahahhn!"
The thought of getting her pregnant is making my shaft swell even more inside her twitching pussy walls.
She's growing so hot and wet inside I feel like I might just melt.
"Ahhn, your cock's throbbing inside of me... Ahhhn, nooo!"
"Get ready, Asami-chan, because I'm going to fill you up! You're going to have to train to be a mother, not a ninja!"
"Ahhhn, no! Don't get me pregnant! Ahn, ahahhn!"
"I've got a lot saved up for you, so get ready to take it all!"
"Hahhn, no, if you cum inside me, I'll... Ahhhn!"
"I'm cumming, Asami-chan!"
"Ahhn, hahhhn! I'm cumming too! I'm cumminnggg!"
"Hahhn! There's so much pouring out inside of me! Ahhhn!"
I let out a thick stream of cum directly against the entrance to her womb. She writhes on top of me as the pleasure overtakes her.
"Hnngh! Can you feel it filling up your womb, Asami-chan?"
"I-If you cum inside me so much, ahnn, I really will get pregnant! Hahh, hahhnn..."
"Hahh, hahh..."
"Ahhn... There'sh sho much... Ahn..."
Asami-chan slumps against me, her every muscle twitching.
"I hope you're not thinking this is over. You know what happens to ninjas who get caught, right? They get punished, over and over again!"
"Hahhn... I-I'll never let you get me pregnant, Takumi-dono... So do your worst! ♪"
When she says that with her tongue half-lolling out, it's hard to believe.
I think I'll have to give up on school today, to give this ninja a little special training.
