かぐや
女子生徒Ａ
女子生徒Ｂ
炎厨矢
美竹
"Mitake-san, if you don't sit still, you'll be no use as a model."
"Hahhn... I-I know... Ahn, ahn! B-But... Hahhn!"
"Hahh, hahhn... They're drawing every single part of me..."
"Yep, down to the last pube and the last fold of your asshole. That's the basics of 'Mother-Daughter Nude Sketching Class,' after all."
Mitake-san was supposed to observe her daughter Kaguya-senpai's art class today, but naturally my Ero-Magic kicked in.
"Ahhn, Mother, Takumi-chan's cock is ramming into your pussy so roughly... Mmmn..."
"Hahhn, ahhn! Don't look, don't look... It's embarrassing, showing such a dirty side of myself... Hahhn!"
She's bouncing up and down in my lap with her long, jet-black hair, just like her daughter's, dancing in the air.
"Ahhhn, noo... The tip's hitting my womb... Ahhn!"
Her pussy walls twitch and clench around my cock each time I drive inside her.
"Ahhhn... Takumi-chan's shoving his cock into the place that I was born from..."
Kaguya-senpai is staring at her mother's pussy with naked lust.
"Stop... Don't look at it so close... Ahahn!"
Hnngh, it suddenly got even tighter! Is being watched getting her off?
Seeing this refined beauty getting more and more excited is making my cock throb and swell inside of her.
"Ahhhn! It's so thick, it's making my body ache... Ahhn, nngh!"
It's not the only thing that's aching!
"Hahhn... Watching my mother like this... I want Takumi-chan's cock so much too, hahh, hahhn..."
Her plump ass jiggles in the air as she fidgets around, love nectar streaming down her thighs.
"Mmm, wow... Seeing Kaguya-senpai's mother being fucked so hard... It's making me horny too! Ahn!"
"Hahh, hahhn, I know what you mean... I'm so jealous. Mmn, even I'm starting to feel good..."
The sound of moving pencils has stopped, and now the only sound coming from our audience is soft, hot breathing.
Kayuga-senpai is completely desperate, and approaches the point where her mother and I are connected to slurp her tongue around my aching balls.
She even starts to take tiny nibbles, which send jolts of pleasure shooting through me.
If she wants my cock so much, I know just the Ero-Magic for her: "Letchasketch"!
An extra copy of my length appears behind her, and slides into her pussy.
I swap out the sensations I'm receiving for the ones from the new cock... Damn, she's already sopping wet!
"Ahhnnn! I-I can feel you going inside me! Everyone's watching me get fucked! Ahhnn!"
"Hahhn, nooo... I can't stop letting out such dirty moans! Ahhn, hahhn!"
I'm fucking a mother and daughter at the same time! I love you, Ero-Magic!
"Hahh, hahh... Mitake-san, make sure everyone gets a good look at the face you make when you're being fucked!"
"Ahhn! D-Don't say such embarrassing things! HAHHN!"
Whoa, she's gotten even tighter! And as embarrassed as she is, it's just made her expression get even more lewd!
"Ahhn, ahahhn, ahhn! Ahn, ahn, ahn, ahn!"
Hnngh, Kaguya-senpai's pussy is just as incredibly tight. Like mother, like daughter!
"Ahhn, your brush is so hard, and strong... I feel like it's just about to paint me white... Hahhn!"
She's got that right. I need to control myself!
"Hahhn, mmn! Ahhhn!"
"Ah, ahn, ahhn! I can't believe I'm watching my mother's pussy being fucked so hard... I'll never look at you the same way again!"
Mitake-san is bouncing up and down on me so wildly that my tip almost slips out with every thrust before driving deep inside again.
Kaguya-senpai quivers every time she sees that moment.
"Mmmngh! I'm so sorry! Please, forgive your mother for having such a slutty pussy! Hahhn!"
All the resistance has disappeared from her, and she's simply allowing me to wantonly lift and slam her down on my cock.
"Her clit is really throbbing... Hahh, hahh... I can hardly concentrate on sketching... Mmn..."
"Just from watching... Hahhn... My panties are completely ruined. Hahh, hahh..."
Oh, looks like the girls are loving it! In that case, there's no point letting this power go to waste right now!
"Huh!? Wh-What!? Hahhhn!"
"Wh-What's wro— Hahhhn! Nooo, something's going inside me! Ahhn!"
I add a few more pencils to my collection, and start thrusting them in and out of the girls drawing us.
"Ahhhnn! Oh no... I could get addicted to this! Hahhnn..."
"Hnngh, mmn! It's going so deep inside me! Ahhhn, it's amazing!"
Phew, the sensation of multiple pussies all travelling through my cock at once is almost too much.
In my mind, I feel like I've got a screen of buttons that lets me choose which one to focus on.
This is the best skill ever! It's like I have complete control over every girl in the classroom!
I go around the class comparing all of the differing pussies, but really, there's only two stars of the show here.
I've gotten to know Kaguya-senpai and Mitake-san so well that I'm just naturally more... "into" them.
"Ahhhn, Takumi-chan! This, this is like art...! Ahhnn!"
"Hahhn, ahhhn! It's so gooood!"
"Ahhn, Takumi-chan... Your cock really is so perverted... Hahhn!"
Well, I'm sorry! But if anything, you should be glad it's perverted enough to give you the fucking you need!
"Mmmn, ahhn! Everyone here's being so filthy... We're the worst models ever!"
Even as she's saying that, her pleasure is obvious in how her pussy almost seems to be sucking me deeper and deeper in.
"Nnngh, hhahhn... D-Don't be so rough, or I'll... Ahhhn!"
Her beautiful body is writhing and quivering in my grip, taking my shaft down to the hilt with every bounce.
"Mmmn... Mwah, *slurp*... Hahhn, *slurp*, mwah!"
"Mmm, Mitake-san! *slurp*! Mwah!"
"Hnnngh, it's getting even bigger! Ahahhhnnn!"
"Hahhn... Takumi-chan, coat my womb with your thick, white paint! Ahhhn!"
Both of their pussies tighten around my shaft with such lustful intensity that I'm instantly pushed to the point of no return.
"Hahhn, I'm cumming! I'm cumminnngg!"
"Ahhhn, nooooo! I'm cumminngg! I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"
"Hahhn... You're came so much, but it's still so huge... Hahhn!"
"This is supposed to be a class... But now I'm full of Takumi-chan's cum. Mmn... ♪"
"Hahhn! It's so hot... Hahhhn..."
"Hahh, I feel so full! Ahhhnnn..."
I pour out an enormous flood of cum into every single pussy in the room.
Every student is left slumped over their easels, a hot mixture of love juices and sticky seed staining their panties.
(...Oh yeah, I forgot they were supposed to be drawing.)
Mitake-san, still bathing in the afterglow, looks back at me with a blearly expression.
"Ahhhn... You're still so big. Hahhn!"
The supposed lesson becomes me simply me dipping my brush in their paint pots again and again...
