ナオミン
炎厨矢
"W-Welcome back, M-Master..."
"You look super good like that!"
Wow! Bravo! You da man, Ero-Magic! I love this world! This fake-tan dark elf class president can be cute after all!
This dark elf looks nothing like the stringent class president I know, thanks to this "Naked Maid Café" Ero-Magic.
Who knew that she was hiding such sexy boobies this whole time? They're the perfect shade of brown, too.
And she has very little hair down there... Damn, it's the perfect body for a perv like me!
Phew. Play it cool, Takumi, play it cool…
"I just came along to check out this sex parlor—sorry, %i1café%r... Also I must admit, I never thought dark elves could be cute."
"Don't you dare try to make a fool out of me! Just sit down and shut your mouth!"
Naomin chastises me, her cheeks red with embarrassment. That's the Naomin I know from class...
(Cheers!)
I just love the way she's so bashfully angry!
Anyway, oddly enough, they have chess in this world too.
Naomin challenged me to a game. Unfortunately for her, I'm pretty good!
Playing chess games on the PC is one of my most favorite pastimes. I always hoped it'd come in handy someday!
Naomin didn't stand a chance! As punishment, I made her help out at the maid café Myau works at part time.
I'll never forget the agony on Naomin's face! It just makes me wanna punish her more.
Apparently, Myau had to go back home for a while, so Naomin has to stay around to help out at the Moondoria Maid Café.
"Anyway, you call this service? Are you gonna serve me anytime soon?"
In complete opposite roles from class, I exert all the authority I have as a customer. I demand to be treated like a god!
"Why does a dark elf like myself have to act like a slave to a pervert like you!?"
"I think you misunderstand me. Not %i1like%r a slave... You %i1are%r a slave at this maid café today."
I do my best to scrape away any shreds of dignity she may have left.
"Hmph... Who let you decide that!? Pervert..."
Pleased with her anguish, I take a seat in one of the old-fashioned booths.
"So... What to order... Hmm..."
...I say while staring at Naomin's boobs.
I have these naked, sexy breasts right in front of me. How can I NOT look at them!?
I can't get enough of her tanned brown skin and slightly lighter nipples.
"H-Hey! Where do you think you're looking, pervert!? The menu is right there!"
"How can you blame me when I have these sexy boobs right in front of me!?"
She's not wrong about calling me a pervert, but I instinctively slam my fist on the table and shout.
"I AM looking at your boobs, but your boobs are looking at ME, too!"
There is no angry comeback. Her face just turns bright red as she averts her gaze.
(That's enough of that for now, I guess. Okay, I know what to order! Hehehe...)
"I have a very bad feeling about this..."
Dark Elves really are quick to recognize incoming lewdness.
"All right, I'll have one Naomin Sweet Cockaccino, please."
I was proud of my quick wit. I saw "Cappuccino" on the menu, and then came up with that on the fly!
"That's not even on the menu! Argh, fine!"
"Great! I can't wait!"
Where has this Ero-Magic been my whole life!? Ordering a perverted item that isn't on the menu is an awesome ability!
"One... N-Naomin... Sweet... C-Cockaccino...! C-Coming right up! ♪"
"Sorry, my hearing's been pretty bad lately since you've shouted at me a lot in class. Could you repeat that?"
Naomin becomes visibly angry, stomping like a kid having a tantrum.
"Argh! N-Naomin Sweet... C-C-Cockaccino! I hope you die, pervert!"
Simultaneously furious and ashamed, Naomin leaves my table to prepare my order.
I can see her slender hips, her long legs, her plump, drooping butt, and her magnificent pussy as clear as day.
Damn, this is too fun!
After a short while, Naomin comes back out with my order.
"H-Here you are... One N-Naomin Sweet C-C-C... Cockaccino..."
(Isn't that just a regular cappuccino?)
It is not...
"Now, if you'll excuse me..."
Naomin looks at me bashfully from the side as she goes down on her knees, undoes my zipper, and takes out my dick.
"*slurp*... Hahmm... Mmmngh... *slurp* *slurp*... Here's your... *slurp*... Cockaccino..."
She's actually getting into it!
In an instant, I become infatuated by this new Naomin.
"Were you this cute all along?"
"I-Idiot... I'm just... *slurp* *slurp*... doing my job... *shlurrrp*..."
And looking damn cute as she puts all of her effort into it!
Her warm, wet lips envelop the tip of my cock and make their way all the way down.
(I never thought this moody class president would be so good at this!)
"Derishas, derishas... Moe moe kyuuun... *slurp* *shlurrp*!"
She chants her special magic spell on my cock as she sucks it to high heaven.
Back in my world, they normally do this on a cake or an omelet!
"So? Did it work? Is my cock yummy?"
Each time she speaks, I can feel the movements in her mouth on my cock, generating electric pleasure.
I can feel her lips and soft tongue run down my cock with each movement.
With nowhere left to go, my libido is just itching to be released.
"Mmmngh, nngh... *slurp* *slurp*... Mlln, mmmmngh..."
Maids really know how to please, don't they?
Naomin continues to serve her loyal customer as her long hair swings with her movements.
"Mmngh... Your dick's gotten... so big... Pervert! *shlurrrp*!"
Perhaps because she's fallen in love with my cock, Naomin has turned into the perfect maid.
She builds up saliva in her mouth and mixes it around with my precum.
Hearing the lewd sounds coming from her mouth and my cock going down her throat is almost too much to bear.
"Nngh, mmngh... Nnh, mwah *slurp*... Aaah, nnh, mmh... *slurp* *shlurrp*..."
"Haaah, haaah... You really like my cock, don't you!"
"Mmmngh... I love... sucking cock... Aaahn... It just feels so good... What should I do, Master?"
What has this cute maid done with the tsundere class president?
What should you do? Well, as a man, I'd enjoy seeing this dark elf squirm!
I proceed to move my foot between her thighs and touch her clit with my toe.
"Ah!? Nnnh... Ammh... Your foot... Not my c-clit... Hahmm... *shlurrp*..."
She is already so slick with her love lube down there that my toe becomes covered instantly.
I start tickling her with my toe. Each movement produces the lewd sound of slick flesh.
Naomin writhes and twists with pleasure.
"Hahmm, mmmngh... No...! I can feel your... Big toe inside of me... Hnngh... *slurrp*..."
"That's because you moved down onto it!"
Though, I am wriggling my toe as much as I can!
"Nnnh, nnh... *slurp*... Aaaaaahn... Nnnhaaaaaah!!!"
"Looks like my toe just isn't enough to please you, is it? I bet you wish it was my cock that was wriggling inside of you."
"Nnnh, haaah... Haaah, nnh... Aaah, nngh... Haaahn..."
"If you beg me properly, I just might give your pussy what it really wants... Mmngh, mwah!"
I lift Naomin's solemn-looking face by the jaw and begin to kiss her.
"Mmngh... Mwah... Hahmm, mlln..."
"Mmnh... Nnh, mwah, mlln... Mmmmngh..."
I search for Naomin's soft tongue with my own and hug it tight before kissing it repeatedly.
(Haaah, haaah... Don't suck my tongue... Why... Aaahn... My pussy is aching for you... I feel so... dizzy... Aaahn...)
Maybe she's still too embarrassed, but she's not admitting how much she's enjoying this.
"Haaah, haaah... Nnh... Master, please put your cock inside of me... Haaahn..."
As if she'd chanted a forbidden curse, a heat spreads through Naomin's entire body as she trembles with pleasure.
"Tsch... I thought you were supposed to be serving me? Not the other way around..."
My cock is just itching to dive into Naomin's juices.
Naomin's lips sparkle with feminine allure as she seductively gazes at my cock.
