オルガ
カシュニア
フィー
ミャウ
リディア
炎厨矢
英玲奈
"Wow, the clouds up here are magnificent. I could look at them for hours... You seem to have your eyes somewhere else, though."
"Ah, ahem, whatever could you mean?"
What, am I not supposed to stare? Your boobs are just too huge, dammit!
Today, the whole school has set off on Yggdrasil Academy's annual school trip.
I'm standing on the deck of a colossal magical sky cruiser, taking in the refreshing breeze and the smorgasbord of boobs in front of me.
I gaze absent-mindedly at the sea of pillowy roundness in the distance (and before me) musing about why they have these kinds of activities.
If it wasn't for the fact we're riding a ship carried by a giant magical dragon, I could be on any Japanese school trip right now.
It's a big "if," admittedly, but we're heading for an oddly Japanese-sounding destination—%i1Yujinosato%r hot springs town.
And who doesn't love a hot spring? Good food, good fun, and most importantly... Ping-pong! Wait, no, I mean, peeking in the women's bath!
I'm looking forward to it so much little Takumi is already raring and ready to go! Calm down, my boy!
As I'm trying to quell the fantasies racing through my head, the first-years appear before me.
"Takumi-senpai!"
"Takumi-senpai. ♪"
"Takumi-saaaaan! ♪ How do you like the ship? My mom's the one carrying it! ♪"
"What!? Seriously!? That huge dragon is your mom? That's amazing!"
She's the size of a battleship! I should really be careful around her daughter!
"Yep! ♪"
"Your mother really is incredible, Myau-san."
Phee looks at the dragon in wonder. I look at Phee's boobs in wonder, as always.
"There's an arcade, too! Let's go and play 'Whac-A-Hydra!'"
"Whack a... what now?"
I can kind of imagine what it must be like, but I'm still curious to see exactly how it's different from the kind of games I saw in my world.
"In that case, I will accompany you. Think of it as combat training."
"'Whac-A-Hydra'... I can't help but feel a little sorry for the Hydra..."
Of course, I'm mostly just imagining what all these boobs are going to look like wobbling around trying to whack Hydra heads!
"Okay then, let's go."
Waving to Erena, I set off with the first-years.
...
After some exciting Hydra-whacking action, it's time for dinner.
I'm sitting at a huge table filled with dishes I've never seen before. They all look so delicious!
While I'm having a mumbling argument with myself about exactly how much I can get away with stuffing my plate, Myau taps my shoulder.
"Takumi-san, say 'ahhh!' ♪"
"Do me too! Ahhhn!"
"Ahh! *munch*!"
"Ahhh, I'm so happy! Meow, meow!"
"Ooh, try this too, Takumi-senpai!"
Everyone gathers around me, happily trying to force food into my mouth.
"Here, have a spare rib. I'll start eating from the other side... *chomp*!"
This thing's pretty huge!? Can I get through this?
I can see her lips getting closer to mine from the other end, though...
"Mwah... Mmn!"
Naturally, when she gets to me her lips meet mine.
"I-I'm sorry! I ended up nibbling on your lips too..."
Cute! Cuuute! All is forgiven!
"Hmm, I see. The 'Ahhh Trap' tactic. May have possible strategic applications..."
Phee watches in admiration, mumbling something to herself.
"U-Umm, Takumi-senpai... I want to feed you too."
Now she's hunting for some "accidental" action too?
She looks at me with a wide smile on her face.
"I'm sure it'll make it taste even better, so say 'ahhh'..."
It seems like our happy dinner finishes in no time at all. Afterward, I have the sudden desire to go and take a bath.
Hmm, the shower's running. It seems like the there's someone here.
There aren't separate bathrooms on this ship, so boys and girls have been given time slots.
And unfortunately for me, the place has been locked down with a Class Four magical barrier to prevent any kind of peeking.
But this should be right when the girls are taking a bath. How can I not, as a red-blooded man with manly instincts, at least try my chances?
"Ahhh... Hmmhmmhmmm... ♪"
"Hmm... Have you got even bigger again, Olga?"
"Looks like it... My shoulders have been killing me lately."
"Wait a second... Could it be? They've gotten bigger because you've been doing dirty things with that guy?"
(G-Good heavens, she's still growing!?)
Those bazookas can still get even more explosive!? This, I have to see.
At that moment, I feel my Ero-Magic kick in.
"Bath Bomb: Hubble, bubble, bathroom trouble? Start peeking now, on the double!"
What a coincidence! That's just what I need right now!
This is the only way to wash my dirty mind after hearing what I just heard!
I don't even have to consciously cast the spell—before I know it, I'm already diving in!
"Whoa!"
In an instant, I find myself standing awkwardly naked in the same shower room as Olga and Kashnia.
"Huh!? You again!? Gah!"
"Sorry to keep you waiting, girls!"
The girls stare at me wide-eyed, too surprised by my sudden appearance to even think to cover themselves up.
It's just the three of us here—in a pretty cramped shower.
"Ahhn! What are you—!? Mmph, h-hey, don't touch my boobs!"
"Tsk, ungrateful! I'm just helping you wash them properly, that's all!"
"I-I don't need your help washing myself! Ahn!"
"C'mon, don't be like that. I know you want me to wash you aaaaall over!"
Olga bares her teeth at me.
"Kashnia, give me a hand and give her a little rub-down first, will you?"
"Normally I would have no such intention of listening to the orders of a lowly human... But I am rather curious myself, I must say. ♪"
I didn't expect her to be quite so into the idea, but it takes surprisingly little to wreck any alliance between the two.
"Y-You traitor! I don't want a pair of perverts washing me!"
"How uncouth. If anything, it's she who fights with these gigantic mammaries bouncing around hither and thither that is the pervert here... Mmn!"
"Ahn, ahnn! Mmn, ahhhn, hnngh!"
Kashnia whispers in her ear, and Olga quivers.
"My, I haven't even touched you yet, and your nipples are already so stiff. Look..."
"S-Sto— Ahhhn! Mmmnph... I-It's starting to feel— Mmn! Please, no... Ahhn!"
Sweet mother of boobs, I never thought I'd see two girls play with each other like this, let alone so close that I can feel their breathing!
The room is steamy not just with the heat of the shower, but their womanly scent too.
"Mmmn... Your pretty little flower is all wet too. It looks like it's asking for a little attention..."
"Hahhn! Y-You aren't even...washing me properly now... Ahnn!"
"Tsk, it only seems that way because the more she washes you, the filthier and slimier you seem to be getting!"
"Mmmn... Mwah... *slurp*... Mmmph... Mmn, *slurp*!"
"Mmn! Hahh... Mwah, mmn, mnnph... Hahh, hahhh..."
The two girls lock lips, their tongues entwining around each other.
"Hehe... It's rather exciting to see a crusader turn into putty in my hands like this... Mmn!"
"Ahhn! S-Stop! I-It feels too good... Ahnn, ahahhn!"
I'm utterly mesmerized by the sight of her being teased and tempted by Kashnia.
"Have you ever wondered what vampire teeth would feel like on your nipples? Well... *nip*!"
She takes a nipple between her fangs and gently nibbles it, before lapping at it with her tongue.
I can see it visibly quiver and stiffen as her tongue tickles it.
"Hyahhnnn! Mmnph, ahnn!"
I can tell that the relentlessness of the vampire's tongue and fingers are quickly making Olga's body burn with pleasure.
With her warrior's pride on the line, she's trying to hold back the sensation as much as possible. But she simply can't resist.
"Come on now... Cum for me, crusader. I want to see what a staunch warrior's face is like when she cums on my fingers, hehe. ♪"
"Ahhhnn! Kashnia, no...! Not there! No, no— Ahnn, nooo! I'm cumminnnnggg!"
Her back arches and her body spasms as the waves of orgasm wash over her.
"Hahh, hahhh... Kashnia, you idiot... I hate you, both of you... Hahhhnn..."
When she's slumped there, panting in Kashnia's arms, eyes swimming with ecstasy, that isn't the most convincing statement.
She can hardly stand for the quaking of her knees, but she turns to face Kashnia.
She reaches out, a look of fury and passion on her face, and roughly gropes Kashnia's breast in retaliation. This is going to be a long bath.
