オルガ
炎厨矢
"I finally got it! Infinity's glinting blade, armed with the limitless destructive power of the skies... The Sword of Patriot Lightning!"
The broadsword in Olga's hands shimmers as crackling sparks of lightning converge on its tip.
She swings the weapon down hard, flinging a flashing bolt straight towards the giant chameleon.
With a low, rumbling roar, the massive beast crumples where it stands.
"...Whoa!"
"Hmph. Piece of cake."
Olga causally thrusts her broadsword into the ground, like destroying a huge-ass chameleon was no big deal.
She turns, giving me this cocky grin that shows just how useful she thought her tag-along mage was.
"Hey, I'd have been happy to help, but you didn't even give me a chance."
Well, if I'd taken that guy head on, it probably would've been game over for me.
I was supposed to help with heals and ranged support, but in the end, Olga just went and cleaned shop all on her own.
"For monsters of that caliber, I hardly %i1ever%r need anyone's help. Still, I suppose it really is a shame that we didn't need your magic %i1at all%r."
"Yeah, sure, I guess... Heh heh heh..."
One of these days, I'm definitely gonna grind those smug tits of hers into the ground!
"Anyway, it's time we get going. And hey, who knows? Maybe you'll get lucky with the %i1next%r one."
Yeah, that flippant tone of hers shows just how likely she thinks %i1that's%r going to be.
But, I guess taking down a giant chameleon on your own is pretty praise-worthy.
"Huh?"
Trying to console myself by staring at Olga's ample boobs, I discover that I've been granted another Ero-Magic ability.
And it's something that would turn that high and mighty paladin into a down and dirty pervert? Don't mind if I do!
Without a second thought, I start to cast my brand spanking new spell.
"Huh. Did that do anything?"
I glance over at the fallen chameleon, just in time to see it open its gaping jaw.
"Yeeek!"
Too busy gloating over her (supposed) victory, Olga doesn't notice in time. The lizard wraps her up with its red tongue in an instant.
"Wh-What's going on!? Ngh! Aaaaah!"
