キャプテン
セリカ
女子生徒
炎厨矢
"Hup! This time I'll definitely— Hyahn!"
I fondle the breast in the crystal ball.
The feeling isn't that of glass—it's the warm softness of a real, life breast!
Celica-chan startles, and serves the ball right into the net.
"Ahh, almost! Don't worry, Celica-san!"
"..."
(Wh-What was that? It almost felt like someone touching my chest. No, no, it must be my imagination...)
"Oh, it's much more than your imagination..."
I take my hand away, and watch her closely.
Hmm, doesn't seem like she suspects anything. Even a high elf wouldn't expect this kind of magic, I suppose.
(Hmm, how about this, then?)
Her opponent, who seems to be the club captain, strikes a serve at her.
Celica-chan adjusts her positioning, and takes up a stance to return the magical ball.
At the moment it approaches her, I grab hold of the crystal again.
"Hyaaahhhn!"
The shock of having her breast suddenly roughly groped makes her freeze up, and the ball sails past her, scoring an ace.
"What was that? Normally you're able to return a serve like that in your sleep. Are you feeling okay?"
"I-I'm fine. It's still your serve."
"Well, okay. Heh, you know how sad it makes a captain to have to admit that kind of thing to a first-year?"
"It seems like it's normally true, though... Well, putting that aside, Celica-chan's boobs really are as soft as I expected them to be."
High-class boobs for a high elf, definitely.
(I-It happened again? What on earth is going on? My whole body felt like electricity was running through it. What's happening to me?)
"Right, let's really get this match into full swing!"
"Ahhn, hhngh, again!? Mmngh!?"
I squeeze her breast in my hand, and I feel her body quiver just a little.
Through the glass I can hear her let out the tiniest of moans, too quiet for anyone but me to hear.
"Ahh, your moans are so cute too, Celica-chan! It's like sweet music in my ears, just for me."
As I enjoy them, the captain sets up to serve again.
"I-I've got to concentrate on the match!"
"Yup, and while you do that, I'll concentrate on these boobs of yours!"
Celica-san manages to get her racket to the ball even as I tease her.
However, she's unable to get much power into her swing, and the captain races forward to volley it at the net.
If she's going on the attack, I guess I will too!
"Hngh! Ahn, ahhn! Mmmnph!"
Celica-chan desperately sprints along the baseline and manages to get her racket to the ball, setting up for a passing shot down the sideline.
"Damn, they really do jiggle! I'm amazed she can run with a pair of big, ripe melons like that on her small frame."
I can feel their weight wobbling in my hands through the crystal as she runs.
They're so soft, it's like sinking my fingers into pillows!
"I-I've got this!"
As she takes aim out of the captain's reach, I reach my hands around her breasts to take her nipples between my fingertips.
"One, two... Titty topspin shot!"
I quickly squeeze and twist the stiff pink nubs in my fingers.
"Mmnnghh!?!?"
I feel her body jolt at the sudden sensation, and the ball goes spinning off the frame of her racket.
It loops through the air and out of the court completely.
With that, the game is the captain's.
(Th-There must be something wrong with me... This has never happened before!)
"Umm, that kind of mistake happens. Okay, you're on serve."
"I've got to concentrate... Concentrate, Celica!"
Celica-chan summons a magical ball, and tosses it up.
"Hup! ♪"
As she swings her racket over her head, I pinch her nipples again.
"Mmngh! Ahnnn!"
She completely whiffs, and the ball bounces on the grass. I quickly take my hands away.
Awkwardly stretching and glancing down at her body, she sets up for her second serve.
Once more, as she swings I reach in to tweak her nipples.
"Mmnngh!"
She just about manages to hit a flat, wobbling shot over the net, and the captain sends back a return.
They begin a rally back and forth. After a few shots, I gently cup her breasts, and start to fondle them and tease her nipples.
I can feel her quivering in my grip as she desperately runs around the court, their softness jiggling delightfully in my hands.
"Hnngh... Ahn, ahnnn! Mmn, ahn!"
She desperately tries to stop herself from moaning, but there's a high, mellifluous tint to every grunt she makes when she strikes the ball.
Try as she might, she just can't get the ball past the captain. That gives me plenty of time to enjoy her softness.
"Hmm?"
I suddenly notice that I've been so focused on her boobs that I hardly realized how cutely she sticks out her pert ass every time she twitches.
"Phew, how can I resist giving that a forehand too?"
It's a shame to leave these tits alone, but what spectator with a magical crystal ball could resist exploring under a player's tennis skirt?
"Mmn! Hnngh!"
I take a strong handful of her cheeks through her panties as her skirt flips up during a shot.
(N-Now it's my butt!? Ahn, i-it feels like something's touching it... What's wrong with me? Ahahnn!)
I trace its gentle lines with my hands, admiring its springiness.
"Phew, this is just what I'd expect from a tennis player!"
Even through the fabric, I can tell just how pert and tight it is.
"Mnn! Mngh, ahn... Hahh!"
Whenever I've seen tennis before, I've always wanted to do this!
Ah, the sweet glimpses of her panties, those cute thighs... I can't resist any more.
"I think it's about time to really smash this out of the court!"
I stick both of my hands down the back of her panties.
"Hyahhnn! Mmn, ahn! Hnngh, hahhn!"
I squeeze her cheeks with my fingers, and she lets out adorable little moans.
"Phew, it's even better like this than through her panties!"
It's soft, and warm, but distinctly sweaty and humid too.
My fingers sink in surprisingly deep for how toned I thought it would be.
(Ahn, no... I-If whatever this is keeps— Ahn! If it keeps touching me in such a perverted way, I'll...)
I greedily fondle her soft cheeks, enjoying every inch of their skin.
The softness is a completely different kind to her breasts, less pillowy and more supple, but equally alluring. My hands just can't stop moving.
"Mmmn, ahn... Mnph, mmn... Mmmn, ahahhn!"
She starts to let out a completely different type of moan from before, higher and more breathless.
"Oho, I see..."
It seems like the fabric of her panties is riding up between her pussy lips as I enjoy her ass.
And all my touching is having an effect—I can already feel the slipperiness of her love nectar on my fingers.
"Hmm, you really like it like that, don't you?"
I grab her panties and forcefully pull them up so they dig into her slit.
(Mmmnngh!? Wh-What are my panties doing? Ahn, not there! They're rubbing my— Ahnn, ahahn!)
She jolts as I pull them with such strength that I'm almost lifting her up.
The ball has long since sailed past her for the captain's point, but right now is hardly the time for her to be worrying about that.
I keep hungrily playing with her pussy as she cutely jumps and twitches with every touch.
"Hnnngh! Ahnn! Mmmph... Ahahhhn!"
It really does seem like she's starting to enjoy this...
In that case, these panties are just getting in the way! I shove my hand inside their hem to plunge my fingers directly into her slit.
(Ahhhnnn! Wh-What's going on!? There's something rubbing me d-down there... Ahhn, no! Mmmnnn!)
She tries desperately to suppress her moans, but there's only so much she can hide behind the usual sounds of tennis.
Her pussy leaks obscene little gushes of liquid each time I move my fingers, coating them in her wetness.
"Hyahhhn! Mmmn, ahn! Hnngh, mmmnph!"
My fingertips slide their way into her entrance, and her body freezes up and begins to shake.
I immediately realize something's a little odd.
"Ahh... N-No... I can't stop...!"
"Huh!?"
"Ahh, it's coming out... I-I can't believe I'm wetting myself on the court... Ahhh..."
As the waves of orgasm tremble through her body, I feel the warmth of her pee start to spray across my hands and down her inner thighs.
The golden stream has quite the force. She's obviously been holding it in.
"Wow, I never thought I'd even get to see her pee herself too..."
I'm watching a noble high elf girl wet herself... This is something I want to burn into my memory forever!
The stream just keeps coming, splashing against the stone floor.
"C-Captain... I'm sorry, I-I just..."
Her face is scarlet red with shame.
And yet there's a quivering gleam in her eyes of a girl still in the afterglow of orgasm.
"Err... You're sorry for what, exactly?"
She stares at Celica-chan in confusion, and Celica-chan stares back.
Oh yes, there's one thing I might have forgotten to explain about this Ero-Magic.
I realized it quite early on, but it doesn't seem like anyone but Celica-chan and I are aware that anything out-of-the-ordinary is happening.
Her face is etched with the obvious shame of knowing that she's just wet herself in front of the whole crowd.
But the assembled audience sees nothing but their ace having a bad match.
"After that, I'm not sure exactly how much this girl can take... But I'm going to find out anyway, obviously."
I've been struggling to hold back for a while now, but after a sight like that there's nothing else I want in the world now but her.
I focus, and the Ero-Magic starts to transmit not just my hands to behind her, but my entire body.
I grab her in my arms, and as she trembles there I press the head of my cock to her slit.
"H-Huh? A-Are you Takumi-sama? Wh-Why...?"
"You know who I am, Celica-chan?"
"Y-Yes, I do... You're the only boy in school... I wanted to talk you some time, help you out with any problems you were having here, but..."
"Oh, I'm super happy that you'd want to help me like that!"
I gently rub my shaft tip across her love juice- and pee-coated lips.
"U-Umm, what are you doing...!?"
Seeing as she's masturbated before, she must not be entirely unaware of what's going on. She looks back at me with an uneasy glance.
"Well, I happen to have a big, big 'problem' you could help me out with right now. I mean, look at it, have you ever seen a 'problem' this big!?"
I move my hips a little, rubbing my rock-hard shaft against her skin.
"W-We can't do this, Takumi-sama... Please, this is the height of foolishness... Hahhn!"
"Oh, trust me, we've yet to hit any such heights yet."
I slowly start to push the tip of my cock against her twitching entrance.
"I can feel how much your pussy wants it even from here, Celica-chan... And I just have to know how good it feels inside you."
"Ahn, d-don't say such perverted things... And in such a place as this..."
"Hmm, are you going to tell me you didn't feel good running around the court while I played with you? You came so hard you even wet yourself."
She casts her eyes down at the floor, face stained tomato red with shame.
"There's no need to be embarrassed. Girls who are honest about their desires are the best, and I want to make you feel good, Celica-chan!"
For a moment, she falls silent. She gives me the tiniest of nods.
I push my hips forward, and my tip starts to push open her slick, warm entrance.
"Ahahhhhn! I-It's going inside of me... I-It's so big, ahnnn, ahahhn!"
She moans as I inch inside of her, a surprising lack of pain in her cries.
"Hnngh, man, that's tight..."
It's exactly the kind of resistance I'd expect from the pussy of a virgin, and an athlete at that.
But I press on, driving my shaft deeper and deeper into her.
"Mmmnph, ahhn... Ah, ahnn! Ahahhhn..."
She doesn't seem to know how to handle this entirely new sensation, but she twitches and quivers in pleasure with each inch I push inside.
The sweetness of her moans and cuteness of her face are too much to bear. I stop, and even pull my hips back a little.
"I'm going to put it all the way in, Celica-chan. Try to relax a little..."
She nods another small nod, glancing at me with burning red cheeks.
Then, with one powerful thrust, I plunge my cock into her down to the hilt.
"MMNNNAAAHHNNN! Ahn! Ahahhnn!"
I push through her tightness, and soon feel her pussy walls enveloping me in their wet heat.
"Can you feel that, Celica-chan? My cock's all the way inside of you."
I whisper in her ear, and her insides tremble and spasm as if feeling its shape.
"I-I can feel it... It's so hot, and hard... And so, so big... S-So this is what a man's... thing feels like? Hahh, hahhh..."
"Come on, try calling it the proper name. It's my cock."
"Your... c-cock? I-It's so embarrassing saying such naughty things... Hyahnnn! I-It just twitched inside me..."
My shaft naturally reacts to hearing that word out of her innocent-looking lips.
"You're so cute and hot when you say dirty things, Celica-chan. Try saying it again."
"C-Cock... Cock... Ahn, it's twitching again... W-Was that good enough?"
"Are you kidding? It's incredible! Now I'm going to use this cock to make you feel incredible too."
She looks into my eyes, and I see something of an expectant glimmer in them.
I slowly start to rock my hips back and forth.
"Ahhn... Mmnph, ahahhn... Mmn, hahhhn!"
She quivers as she feels the sensation of my cock moving inside her for the first time, and she lets out a tremulous little moan.
"How does it feel, having my cock inside you?"
"Mmnph... It's getting even bigger, and harder... Ahhhn, my body feels so hot... Ahhn! Ahahnnn!"
I deliberately prod her with embarrassing questions just to see how she reacts.
She's so cute that every answer makes my thrusting just a little more forceful.
"Mmmn, ahhnn! Ahn, hahhn! Ahhhnnn!"
Her pussy walls clench around my shaft as our hips slap together again and again.
Her moans grow ever more lascivious as the pleasure starts to take over her.
"Your pussy feels so incredible, Celica-chan..."
"Your c-cock feels so good too, Takumi-sama... Ahhn, I can't believe I'm doing something so dirty in front of everyone! I-It's so embarrassing..."
"Doesn't it just make it even more exciting, though?"
Despite the look of shame still etched on her face, she silently nods.
As she does, I feel her pussy walls twitch and spasm even more hungrily around my shaft.
"Do you really like my cock that much? For an elf, you're a really dirty girl, Celica-chan."
As I thrust, I grab her breasts in my hands and start to fondle their softness.
"Ahhn, mmn, ahahhnn! Ahn, aaaahn! Hyahhhn!"
"It was fun teasing you while you played, but getting a good handful like this is even more fun!"
Unseen by the assembled crowd, who see only a player taking a very, very long time to serve, I gleefully knead them as much as I want.
They're so plump and soft that I want to squish and squeeze every little part of them.
"Ahahhnnn! Ann, mmnph, hyahhnn!"
With every touch her pussy clenches even more tightly, and her body quivers with a pleasure that makes what she felt before seem like nothing.
I take this opportunity to explore them even more greedily than I did before.
"Do you like having your boobs touched like this, Celica-chan?"
She's naturally too embarrassed to respond, but the sweet moans she lets out with every squeeze and caress are the only answer I need.
"They feel so amazing in my hands, I could spend forever just playing with them like this."
I take them both fully in my palms and sink my fingers into their pillowy softness.
"Mmmn, ahnn... Ahhnnn!"
Celica-chan writhes and bucks as I grasp her tightly.
"These might be the most amazing tits I've ever felt! And look at how hard your nipples are getting."
I take them between my fingertips and tweak them, feeling how stiff they are.
"Ahahnn! Ahnn, mmn, mmnph, hahhhnnn!"
They twitch and grow even more engorged with each little rub and flick.
"Ohh, you're enjoying that, aren't you? I think I've found your weak point."
I pinch them even harder, enjoying the bucking of her hips as she feels jolts of pleasure shoot through her.
"AHAHNNN! T-Takumi-sama! N-No, not there! Ahahhn, hnngh!"
She shakes her head desperately, but her moans are high and mellifluous.
As much as she tries to deny it, I can feel the pleasure she's experiencing in how feverish the twitching of her pussy has become.
"What was that? 'Just there'?"
I tweak and grind them in my fingertips as I roughly knead her breasts with shameless, sadistic force.
"How does that feel? You like it that hard, don't you?"
I squeeze her boobs as if I'm trying to milk them.
"Ahhhn! Ahahhn, mmnph! Hyahhnnn!"
She arches her back and lets out an animal moan.
Her pussy walls clench even more tightly around my shaft, vice-like in their heat and wetness.
"Mmm, that feels great, Celica-chan. Let's see if I can make you even tighter!"
I start to thrust into her with even more lustful power as I fondle her breasts.
I drive my shaft deep into her, through what little resistance her dripping pussy can manage.
"Ahahhhn! Y-Your cock is so— Ahahhn! Ahnn! I'm going to go crazy! Ahahhhnn!"
Each thrust into her makes her entrance squirt out a thick gush of love nectar, which hits the court with an obscene splash.
It echoes around the arena and in my ears, inflaming my desires even more.
"Mmm, go as crazy as you want, Celica-chan. I want to hear you moan even more!"
My thrusting is so forceful and my grasp on her boobs so strong that her feet are now hardly even touching the floor.
"Hyahhhnn! Mmngh, mmmn! Hnngh!"
The pleasure of being fucked and fondled at the same time is overwhelming Celica-chan.
Seeing her cute face contort in ecstasy only makes me want to give this high(ly erotic) elf even more intense sensations!
"Celica-chan, we've hardly even started yet. Now it's time for the real thing!"
I pull my hips back so my cock is almost falling out of her pussy for just an instant. Then, I drive it deep into her in one powerful thrust.
"AHAHHHN! T-Takumi-sama! Y-You're being so rough! Ahnn, mmmnph! Ahahhn, ahnhnnn! Hahhhnn!"
I slam my hips against hers over and again with beast-like force, kneading her breasts in her hands as I do.
She lets out high, animalistic moans as my cock pushes its way between her spasming pussy walls.
The slapping of wet skin on wet skin fills the court, unheard to anyone but us.
I plunge my cock in down to the hilt with every thrust, my lust overtaking any desire to hold back from relentlessly ploughing her virgin pussy.
"Ahhhn, ahnnn! Mmmnph! Ahn, mmn, hahhhnn!"
Celica-chan writhes and bucks in my grip as her pussy clenches and grips my cock as if memorizing the shape of every inch.
It's so wet and hot that it feels like it's hungrily sucking in my cock each time I thrust.
"Ahahhn! Y-Your cock, it's going so deep! Ahahhn!"
Every time I drive deep into her, it kisses the entrance to her womb. She moans, and her pussy spasms ecstatically.
"Your pussy's ridiculously tight, Celica-chan, and your asshole's twitching so cutely too."
"Ahhnn, no, don't look at it! It's so embarrassing! Ahahnnn, hahh!"
The embarrassment makes her pussy tighten its grip on me even more intensely.
As it does, it gushes out a jet of love nectar so thick it's almost like she's wetting herself again.
"Hmm, do you really want to feel me in there too? Tsk, your body really does just love cock too much, Celica-chan."
All she can respond to my provocation with is a tiny mumble.
It's a mumble that tingles at a little sadistic impulse in the back of my mind. My thrusting comes to a sudden stop.
Celica-chan turns to me with a look of distress.
"Oh, what's with that face? I'm embarrassing you, aren't I? I should stop."
"I-It is embarrassing, but... T-Takumi-sama, I, umm..."
She falls silent, and I lean in to whisper into her long ears.
"...Oh? If you want to keep going, all you have to do is tell me what you want."
She quivers as my words tingle her ears, but still she says nothing.
"Tell me, Celica-chan. Tell me what you want."
I whisper gently. Face tomato-red, she slowly opens her mouth.
"U-Umm... P-Please... your c-cock... keep..."
"What was that? I can't hear you. Come on, I know you can do it, Celica-chan. Just a little louder."
She takes a deep, resolute breath.
"Please! Takumi-sama, keep fucking my pussy with your cock, as hard as you can!"
"If that's what you want, that's what you'll get!"
I instantly start to ram my cock into her once again.
"Ahahhhhn! Yes, yes! More! Ahhhnn, ahahhhnn!"
The head of my cock hits the entrance to her womb with the force of an overhead smash shot.
"Ahnnn! Ahahhn, HYAHHNN!"
Celica-chan cries out in pleasure, unhindered by even a hint of shame.
Her pussy squeezes my cock more intensely than ever. It feels like it might just melt inside her.
The pleasure thundering through our bodies grows as we slam our hips together with carnal intensity, pushing each other higher and higher.
"Celica-chan! Celica-chan!"
I thrust into her faster and faster, my mind controlled by nothing but my most carnal instinct to keep filling my senses with her body.
"Your cock is so amazing, Takumi-sama! I want more! Ahnn, ahnn! I never expected sex to ever feel this good! Mmnnnn!"
She's so lost in ecstasy that I can hardly believe she's the same quiet girl I was teasing just a moment ago.
My heart is filled not just with lust but with happiness too, knowing I've made her first time feel this good.
"Heh, in that case, I'll have to make your pussy into my own personal cocksleeve!"
"Yes, please! I only ever want it to be used by you! Ahahn! Hnngh, ahhhnn!"
She thrusts her hips back against mine in rhythm, sending pleasure quaking through my body with each slam.
"Mmm, then we've got a deal!"
I put every last ounce of my strength into driving my cock as deep into her as possible.
"Ahhhn, ahahhnn! Mmn, mmnph, hahhhhnnn!"
Her pussy walls are squeezing and massaging my shaft with a tightness so heavenly it's like they've perfectly learned the shape of my cock.
Every single thrust fills my entire body with a burst of pleasure so intense I'm struggling to hold on.
"Celica-chan, I'm almost there! Get ready, because I'm going to make it so your pussy will never want another man!"
"Yes, do it! Ahahhn, I-I'm cumming too! P-Please, before I cum, do it! Ahahhn!"
She jerks and writhes as the waves of pleasure crash over her.
All I can do is focus every last part of my being on swinging my hips back against hers, driving us towards the highest heights.
Her pussy is twitching and spasming, just waiting for me to give it my signal.
"Celica-chan, I'm cumming!"
My shaft throbs with agonizing intensity as the pressure in my body finally overwhelms me.
"Ahahhnnn! I-I can't hold back anymore! I'm cumming! I'm cumminnnggg! HYAHHHNNN!!!"
"I'm cumming too, Celica-chan!"
"AHAHHHHNNN! I-I can feel it! I can feel your seed inside me! Ahhhn, it's filling up my womb... Hahhhn, ahhhhnnn!"
My cock pulses and erupts with a torrent of hot, sticky cum.
At the same instant, Celica-chan's entire body shakes and jolts as the waves of orgasm hit her.
"Ahhhn, it's so hot... Your cock's throbbing so much inside me! I'm cumming again! Hyahhhnn!"
Her body quakes as orgasm after orgasm crashes over her.
Her pussy grips my cock with carnal strength, as if trying to squeeze every drop of cum out of me.
"Celica-chan, I-I just can't stop cumming!"
The torrent of white liquid pouring out of me seems endless, a jet escaping every time I look at the beautiful girl quivering in front of me.
"Ahahhnnn! Wow, there's so much... More! I want more! Hahhhnnn!"
My cum paints the walls of her pussy white as it drains me of all that I have.
Every spasm and twitch feels like her pussy is crying out for even more of my hot thick cum.
"Mmmn, ahahhnn, ahnn... Ahahhnn..."
Soon her pussy is so filled with my cum that it comes overflowing out, mixed into a cloudy froth with her gushing love juices.
Yet her pussy still begs for more and more.
"Hahh, hahh... Celica-chan!"
"Ahhn, mmn! Ahn! Ahahhn! Hyahhnn!"
Luckily for her, this Ero-Magic is performance-enhancing—I pull out, and let forth another torrent all over her beautiful face.
"Phew... I never knew a man's cock would feel like that... I think I might be addicted already..."
"Heh, you were a virgin a moment ago, and you're already that obsessed? Damn, you're cute, and a pervert to boot!"
"Maybe I am... My pussy still wants even more..."
I can see her entrance still twitching as if craving me again.
"This pussy's mine and only mine now, right? If you ever want a cock again, I'll 'play doubles' with you any time."
Her eyes still dreamy from the afterglow burning inside her, she looks at me with a smile.
"In that case..."
"Huh?"
I feel her twitching entrance around the head of my cock again, and the sensation of my shaft sliding into the sloppy, wet mess of her pussy.
"H-Hey, I didn't mean right now!"
Her smile turns to a seductive pout.
"You did say 'any time'... Let's play one more set, Takumi-sama!"
A lustful glint burns bright behind the haze in her eyes.
"Tsk, honestly... I thought you high elves were supposed to be more refined and elegant than this."
I thought we were going to retire after the first round, but instead it looks like we're going straight for a Grand Slam...
