ルミア
炎厨矢
"Ahhn! T-Takumi-senpai... Hahhn, don't tease me like that..."
Lumia-chan lets out a cutely frustrated little moan as I tease her slit through her panties with the tip of my cock.
There's already an alluring little stain forming on them from her love juices.
"Tsk, you're a dirty girl, you know, calling me out here just because you wanted to have sex."
Well, actually Lumia-chan asked me to come to the art room to do some more modelling.
As the only man in this world, I've ended up as her personal model.
However, right now I'm the one painting her panties with my big, stiff brush.
"N-No way... I just wanted you to model for me... Ahhn! I-It's so hot..."
"Really? You came to school wearing such skimpy panties, and all you wanted to do was draw? Tsk, you are a filthy pervert after all, aren't you?"
I push the head of my cock hard against her as I tease her slit.
"They're so thin, I'll be able to see through them if you get any wetter. Are you always wearing this kind of sexy stuff?"
"D-Don't say that kind of thing... I-I know you men like these kinds of underwear, so don't be so mean..."
"Well, of course, but I don't remember ever telling you to wear them."
"What did you imagine happening if you wore these panties in front of me?"
Lumia-chan reacts shamefacedly to my cajoling, and yet I can see an ecstatic little glimpse in her eye.
"Y-You're so mean sometimes... Ahhn, I can't hold back any more... I want you to paint my insides white with that huge brush of yours! Please..."
Unable to withstand my teasing any longer, she starts to grind her slit back against my cock.
(Gah, everything she does is just so damn cute!)
Even as she's moving her hips, however, she's trying to keep painting at the same time.
It's so cute that I just want to tease her more.
"Heh, you really are the pride of the art club, still painting at a time like this. Hmm, I think it's about time I started my artwork too."
I pull aside her sodden panties.
Underneath I find her beautiful pink pussy, a work of art in itself, dripping with her juices.
Like a painter preparing his brush, I rub my shaft up and down her slit, covering it in a layer of slick wetness.
"Aaahhhn! Ahn, ahnn... Ahahhn!"
When I touch her skin directly, she lets out an ecstatic moan as she feels the heat of my cock.
Just the littlest touch sends a spurt of her love juices squirting down my length.
I can already feel just how irresistible the pleasure is becoming for her.
(Hnngh, I have to hold myself back, though! Discipline, Takumi!)
As much as I try to control myself, however, the cutely pleading Lumia-chan in front of me spurs on my desire more and more.
As much as I want to drive myself into her sweet folds, I'm already close just teasing her slit like this.
"Ahhhn, Takumi-senpai... Please, I want your brush inside of me... Please, ahnn, please!"
She bucks her hips lasciviously against me, adorable splatters of her pussy juices soaking her thighs and bathing my cock with her every move.
She even tries to push her own puckering entrance against me, but I pull the head of my cock back with playful sadism.
"Ahahhhn! Ahhn! ahhn, ahahhn!"
She looks back at me with a somewhat baleful look, half begging and half demanding.
The snakes glare at me in unison too.
Their gazes only serve to make my cock throb even harder.
(I feel a little guilty for making her... Err, and, well, her two little friends this desperate, but I want to enjoy this a little more.)
Lumia-chan twitches as she feels something work its way inside her... Except it's not my cock—it's just one of my fingers.
"Ahahhhnn! Y-Your finger's going inside of me... Ahn, no! Th-That's not enough! Ahahhnn!"
Her pussy walls, however, have clenched perfectly around the slimness of the intrusion.
If I put my cock into a pussy this tight, it'd get turned into a pencil.
Holy Boob-Mother in Heaven... Just how tight is this girl going to be?
(Hnngh, I'm pretty much at my limit here...)
Just imagining what my cock would feel like in this vice-like grip makes me quiver down to my very soul.
I grab hold of her tight ass to steady myself, and start to push the head of my cock inside her.
"Are you ready for the real thing, Lumia-chan?"
She grinds her hips needily against mine as I start to explore her wet, sopping pussy.
"Ahahhhhnn! I-It's finally inside me! Ahahhn, mmnph, ahnnnn!"
As I push inside her, her pussy walls grip harder and harder against my shaft.
It almost feels like they're squeezing and pulling me deeper and deeper into her hot, wet depths.
"God, I knew your pussy would feel amazing, Lumia-chan."
Her pussy is even more hungry than I could have ever imagined from the way it felt around my finger.
It covers my shaft in an even more slovenly coating of thick, slippery nectar as it welcomes it deep inside her.
"Fuck, your pussy is incredible, Lumia-chan!"
"Ahhhn, thank you, thank you! I-I'm so happy your cock loves it, Takumi-senpai! Ahahhhnnnn!"
Her pussy walls squeeze gleefully around my shaft as she cries out in pleasure.
Even her cute, pink asshole is twitching cutely as I drive inside her.
"Oh, don't be too happy yet, though... I've still got plenty more in store for you."
Just as I did with her pussy, I push my finger into her needy little butthole.
"Ahhhn! No! Not there— Ahahhhhnnnnn!"
Even though it's just one finger, her body writhes and twitches with shameless pleasure.
"Phew... You look like you're in some trouble there, Lumia-chan. I just wanted to give you a tiny bit of a massage, to loosen you up a little..."
I shove my finger into her asshole down to the knuckle, and start to roughly rub up inside her.
"Mmnnngh! Ahahhnn! Hyayhhhhhhhn!"
My "massage" certainly doesn't loosen her up. In fact, her asshole clamps down on my finger with astonishing eagerness.
Lumia-chan grinds her ass back against me as it does, moaning high, animal moans.
I push my finger into her as deep as I can possibly reach as she pushes back against it.
"AHHHHNNN! Ahhn, mmn, ahnnn!"
The deeper I explore her ass, the more lasciviously her pussy massages my cock, and the more wanton her moans grow.
"Tsk, I'm massaging you this deeply, and you're still not loosening up? You really do have such a dirty, slutty body, Lumia-chan!"
Her moans are soon like those of a carnal, rutting animal.
(Man, if she reacts like this to a finger, I wonder how she's going to sound when I shove my cock in her ass...)
Right now, however, her pussy is desperately demanding my attention. Its walls are pleading for me to move with a vice-like grip.
"Hahh, you are a troublesome one... I guess I'm going to have to give this greedy pussy a good massage too!"
I finally, slowly, start to move my hips.
Her pussy walls quiver, eagerly letting me start to drive my shaft and in and out of her.
"Mmmn, hahhhn! I-It's stirring me inside...! Ahhn, it feels so good!"
Her entire pussy clenches me tightly and spasms in pleasure as it feels the sensation it's been waiting for.
Her moans are shameless, a mere part of the ecstasy she's feeling etched across her face.
"Ahhhn! Mmmn, ahhhn! ahahhn!"
As I slowly start to get into rhythm, each stroke of my cock starts to drive a lewd squelch from her pussy.
Like I'm being lured in by that siren sound, I start to slam my hips against hers with increasing hunger.
"Ahhn, yes! Harder, Takumi-senpai! Mmmn, mmn, ahahhhnn!"
"You really want me to paint your whole pussy with my brush, do you? Well, gladly!"
I grind my hips against hers, covering every inch of her walls with the thick pre-cum leaking from my cock.
"Mmmmnnn, yes! Mmnn, hyahhhn!"
Her whole body writhes at the strange sensation.
An enormous gush of love nectar rushes around my shaft, making her pussy walls even slippier and more enticing.
The head of my cock explores every little depth of her pussy, each of her folds and bumps sending a new, different jolt of pleasure through me.
"God, your pussy is so tight, Lumia-chan... It feels incredible!"
"It feels sho good for me too... Ahhhnnn, it'sh hitting every part of me... Ahhn, my pusshy, my pusshy... It'sh getting sho hot...! Ahahhhn!"
Her tongue is lolling from her mouth in ecstatic joy.
Her pussy too is responding to my cock eagerly, squeezing and clenching around every single part of me.
"Ahahhhn! Mmmn, hahhh... Aahhhn!"
She gazes back over her shoulder at me with eyes that can hardly focus.
There's such an intense, animal longing in that look, telling me to take her with everything I have.
(Damn... If you look at me like that, I can't exactly refuse, can I?)
Normally her gaze turns men to stone, but it only seems to work on one part of me.
I start to swing my hips back and forth as far as I can, driving my entire length into her in powerful, savage strokes.
"AHHHHNN! Y-You're being so rough! Ahhn, it feels so good! Hahhhnnnn!"
Her moans grow almost beast-like in the face of my onslaught.
Her pussy clenches even tighter, but it can't stop my cock forcing its way in to the very hilt.
We're growing hot and slick with sweat as we rut like wild animals.
"Mmmn, ahhhnn! Mmnph, ahahhnn! Haahhhn!"
Her moans reverberate through the art room.
Love juices gush out of her pussy, hitting the floor with an obscene splatter.
The room is filled with nothing but the purest sounds of passion.
"Ahhn, nooo, your snake is going crazy inside of me! Hahh, it feels too good! I'm going crazy too! Ahn, ahnnn, ahahhhn!"
Her long, prehensile tongue lolls out as she wallows in the pleasure.
But I'm not even hitting my stride yet. I drive my cock deeper and deeper inside her, kissing the entrance to her womb as it awaits my cum.
With each thrust our hips slap together, the loud, wet sound only adding to the noises filling the room.
"I suppose it's not fair to give your pussy all of my attention, though..."
I reach out and grab her boobs, which are squished against the desk.
I can hardly believe I managed to contain myself from touching them for so long.
My fingers sink into their warm softness, sending tingles of pleasure through my entire body.
"Hyahhhn! Ahnn! Don't be so rough with them, or I'll, I'll... Ahnn, mmnph, ahnn!"
Her hips buck against me as she feels my hands start to explore her breasts.
Her pussy walls twitch feverishly, massaging my thrusting shaft.
I tweak her nipples, which have grown so hard and engorged that I can tell she's reaching the absolute limit of her sensitivity.
"Ahahhn, mmn! Hahh, ahnn, ahahhnnn!"
Her pussy grows even tighter and hotter as my hands tease her.
It constricts around my cock with such intensity that it sends bolts of pleasure quaking through my hips.
It's like I can feel every inch of the sensation that is running through her being transmitted into me.
"Mmmnph, ahahhn! Mmn, ahhhn! Hyaahhn!"
I lose myself in simply enjoying every part of Lumia-chan's gorgeous body as ecstasy surges through me.
Her entire being seems to be quivering with the sensation.
Even the snakes in her hair seem drunk on the pleasure.
(Hnngh, this feeling...)
With each thrust, her insides seem to almost be sucking me in.
It's like they're begging for me to fill her up all the way to her womb.
"Do you really want me to paint you white that badly, Lumia-chan?"
She jolts every time the head of my cock kisses the entrance to her womb. Even her snakes twitch.
"Ahhhhnn! I-I... I do! I want it so much! Ahahhn, hahhnnn!"
I thrust my hips in a wild trance, driven on by the look of ecstatic pleasure on her face.
"Ahahhhhn! Hahhn, ahhn! Ahnn, hahhhn!"
Lumia-chan squishes her huge breasts against the desk in the face of my animalistic thrusting.
My cock mercilessly churns up every single inch of her pussy.
"Mmmn, hahhhn! Y-Your snake is getting even thicker... Ahhn, it's filling me up! Ahn, ahn, hahhhn!"
"You're so cute when you're feeling it like this, it can't help but get even more excited!"
"Ahhn, d-don't say that! Ahhn, mmn... Ahn, ahnn! It's embarrassing!"
Her face is flushed with a mixture of excitement and embarrassment. It's a look so adorable it can't not make me even more aroused.
"Mmmn, ahnnn! Hahhhn!"
Drool spills from her long, lolling tongue as it sticks out shamelessly.
I take my hand from her breast to stick my fingers into her mouth.
"Mmmnph... Takumi-shenpai... *slurp* Mmn, mmnph, *schlurp*!"
As I start to tease her tongue, she wraps it lewdly around my fingers.
She covers them in her slimy saliva.
"Mmn, *slurp*! Mmnph, ahn, *schlurppp*!"
There's a dreamy look in her eyes as she licks away, spit dripping down onto her breasts.
My other hand gropes her boob, spreading the slimy wetness all over it.
"Ahhhn, mmnph! Ahn, hahhhhn!"
Her pussy walls twitch and clench around my cock, as my snake hungrily seeks out even greater pleasure.
"T-Takumi-shenpai... If you tease my whole body like this, I'll... Ahn, ahahhn! My mind is breaking... Mmmnph, ahahhnnn!"
She's quivering all over as if she's filled with fizzling electricity.
Great gushes of love nectar spill out from the point where we're connected each time I thrust into her.
Her asshole, too, is twitching like crazy.
It's almost as if it's envious of the rest of her for the attention it's getting.
(Well then... I'll have to give you a little tease too.)
I notice that, in our wild rutting, Lumia-chan has dropped her brush.
I pick it up, and start to tickle at that tight little entrance.
"Hyahhhn! Th-This is... Ahnn, my brush, you're... Ahnn, ahahhnnn!"
"Does that feel good, Lumia-chan?"
The tip has hardened slightly, and the feeling makes her jump in a way that makes her plump ass jiggle.
"Ahhn, ahn! It feels good, but... No, no... Ahnn, we shouldn't be using art supplies like this... Ahahhn!"
Even as she protests, however, she sticks her ass out at me as if begging for more.
I gladly oblige, teasingly tickling it around her asshole as I keep thrusting powerfully into her pussy.
It spasms each time I flick the brush against her, letting out hot sprays of love nectar.
"Hyahhhn! Ahn, ahnn! Ahahhn! Mmn, ahn! Ahahhhn!"
Her reaction is even more extreme now... I suppose there's a delicious sense of immorality for an artist to be teased with her own tools.
I start to brush around her asshole like I'm painting a target.
"Hyahhhn! Ahn, ahahhn!"
It twitches and puckers greedily.
"How does it feel, having your asshole brushed like this?"
"Ahnn, it's... It's so soft, but then sometimes... Ahhn, it's kind of scratchy... Ahn! Aahhnnn!"
I paint a line down towards the point where my cock is thrusting inside her, and coat the end of the brush with her love juices.
I bring my brush back up to paint her asshole in the warm fluid.
"Ahhhn! It's so hot, and slimy... Ahhn! Ahahhn!"
She squirms in a completely different way to how she reacted to the dry brush.
Her asshole glistens invitingly as I cover it with the sticky liquid.
"Man, this feels like I'm painting a really dirty masterpiece."
I start to cover her whole ass in her juices, leaving it covered in lines of twinkling wetness.
My painting is near-invisible, but it's still the hottest painting I've ever seen.
It's a little different from the kind of "body painting" I've seen elsewhere, but it's even more arousing.
Faced with such an erotic sight, my snake is getting even more excited.
"Ahahhn! Your snake is getting even bigger! It's so hot, it's like it's burning inside me... Ahhhn, ahn, ahahhn!"
She quivers and squirms as she wallows in my heat.
"Mmmn, ahnn! I-I... I can't take it anymore... I'm about to cum... Mmnahhhn!"
Her pussy walls squeeze me with a furious intensity that makes it obvious she's reaching her limit.
My snake too is telling me that it's ready to paint her pussy like I've painted her ass.
"I'm sorry, Lumia-chan. I want this to go on forever... But I'm at my limit too!"
"But don't you worry, I'm going to fill you up with all the cum I have!"
I pull my hips back and drive my entire length into her in a powerful stroke, then start to thrust with every last ounce of strength I have.
"Mmmn, ahahhn! Hyahhhhn!"
Lumia-chan's body rocks, and the desk underneath us creaks in anguish.
She pushes her hips back against me in rhythm, hungry for more and more.
"Ahhhn, mmnnn! Ahahhn! Hahhhhn!"
Each time our hips slap together, my tip kisses the entrance to her womb. It's enough to reduce my thoughts to nothing but carnal instincts.
My thrusts get more and more wild, and I slam my cock into her with such force that her pussy spasms and clenches around it.
"Ahahhhnn! Takumi-senpai... I, I... I can't hold back any more, I can feel it... Ahnnn! Ahahhn!"
"Try to hold on for just a little longer, Lumia-chan! I'm going to cum too... I'm going to paint your pussy in my cum, and make it mine!"
"Ahahhhnn! Hyahhnnn!"
She nods over and over again, grasping desperately onto the desk as she tries to hold back from cumming.
It's so cute that I want to give her what she wants as soon as I can.
Her pussy too is urging me on, its walls massaging my cock with eager intensity.
(Hnngh, this is amazing... It's like her pussy is a boa constrictor!)
I can feel an incredible, overwhelming pressure building up in my lower body.
"Just a little more... Just a little!"
I can think of nothing but ramming my cock into her pussy with animal fury.
I can feel the burning heat of our passion radiating out from her pussy and filling our bodies.
Mine feels almost ready to explode with the pressure inside it.
"Hyahhnn! Ahn, ahhn! Ahahhn! Ahahhhnnnnn!"
My mind is blank except for thoughts of Lumia-chan. I can't hold back any more.
I can only keep thrusting away like a beast as the urge to cum fills my entire body.
"Mmmn, ahnn! It's swelling up! Ahhhn, no, I can't hold back, I'm cumming! I can cum, can't I? Can't I!?"
"Yes, cum! I'm cumming too, Lumia-chan! I'm going to fill up your pussy!"
"Yes, do it! Please! Ahnn, I'm cumming, I'm cumming! I'm cummminnnngggg!!!"
As I feel my resistance snap, I drive my length into her down to the hilt.
Her pussy walls clench around me with such hungry intensity that my mind goes blank.
"Ahahhhn! I can feel it! It's so hot, and thick... It's filling me up!"
My body rocks with waves of pleasure that threaten to knock me out with their ferocity as I finally let out all of my pent-up lust inside her.
Lumia-chan arches her back and stands on her tiptoes as the waves overtake her too, her entire body writhing
"Ahhhnnnn! Mmn, ahn, ahahnn, hyahhnnn!!!"
My scorching hot cum pours out in such torrents that it fills her up almost instantly, painting her pussy walls white.
"Ahahhhnn, I can feel it, Takumi-senpai... There's so much cum shooting out all of the way inside of me... Ahahhnnn!"
But even after I've painted every inch of her, the stream won't stop.
Lumia-chan's pussy spasms and quivers, eagerly massaging my shaft and taking in every last drop.
"Lumia-chan, I-I'm still cumming...!"
Jets of cum keep shooting out of my cock, urged on by the feverish spasms of her pussy.
"Ahhn! Th-There's still so much! I'm already so full up! Aahnn, mmn, hyaaahhnn!"
Cum starts to spill out onto the art room floor in obscene splatters as it overflows from her entrance.
It spurts down her legs, soaking into the dark fabric of her pantyhose.
Their glisten is so erotic that it makes even more spurt from my snake.
"Ahahhhnn... Ahn, ahn... Mmnnph, ahnnn!"
Lumia-chan moans in ecstasy as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure hits her.
Her pussy walls twitch and spasm, clenching around my pulsing length.
"Ahh, it's spilling out... All the cum you've given me is leaking out... Ahhn, mmnpg..."
Her moans are tinged with sadness as she looks down at the puddle forming on the floor.
It just makes me want to replace that cum with even more in her pussy.
My entire body shakes as spunk spurts out of my cock in thick, sticky jets.
"You're so amazing, Takumi-senpai... You're still cumming so much for me... Ahnn, I'm so happy!"
There's a dreamy gleam in her eyes, one of a girl who has totally and unabashedly become addicted to the heat and sensation of my cum.
I pull my still-spurting cock from her pussy, and start to cover her whole body in the cum she loves so much.
"Lumia-chan... Here you go!"
"AHAHHNNN! It's on my face! Ahnn, it's so sticky and slimy... Ahhn, ahahhnn!"
I paint her face with thick ropes of white fluid.
It rains down on her back and her hair, and even coats her snakes.
"Ahhnn... It's so hot... It smells so strong, and it's so thick... Mmm, it tastes so good too. I could get addicted to this flavor!"
She wipes a long strand from her face with her finger, and gulps it down hungrily.
Her snakes join her in flicking out their tongues to lick it from her hair.
"Hehe, are you cleaning me up? Thank you... Or are you addicted to his cum too?"
It seems like they're getting aroused by the masculine scent covering them too.
The stream from my cock finally subsides, and I'm suddenly overcome with absolute exhaustion.
"Hahh, hahh... Are you okay, Takumi-senpai?"
"Yeah, I'm fine, it just felt so good that it's completely knocked me out. Are you all right?"
"Yes, I am... Hahh, hahh, I'm so happy that you made me feel so good. So are these two."
"My pussy, my face, my body... I'm completely covered in your cum. You've totally painted me... Ahn, there's so much inside me...!"
Lumia-chan moans dreamily as she gazes across her own cum-covered body.
"Well, I'm happy that I could be a good model for you."
"U-Umm, well... I'd like to keep learning how to become a better artist, so.."
She blushes.
"Would you, umm, be my model again? Hahh, hahh..."
Somehow I get the feeling that I won't be doing that much actual modelling.
There's no way I'm going to turn her down, though, is there?
"Any time you like, Lumia-chan. I'm always happy to lend you my body."
She looks back at me with hungry eyes, like a snake eyeing up a mouse.
Still basking in the afterglow, we start making plans for our next modeling session...
