炎厨矢
英玲奈
"Haahn... Nnngh..."
(Wh-What is this!?)
Erena is fondling her own breasts while making seductive sounds.
"Haaah... Haaah... Aaah... This feels amazing. My pussy is wetter than normal. Nnngh..."
Is this her bedroom? I sure am lucky to get to see her like this. Other worlds for the win!
(Whoa... Seeing Erena like this, she really seems like a woman.)
She has pure, flawless skin with no blemishes. I see the smooth curvature of her boobs.
(But her breasts really are quite shameless.)
"Aaah... Haaahn... Today, my breasts are also super sensitive. Haaahn... My whole body tingles just from playing with them a little bit."
I can see her roughly rub her boobs, or rather, her nipples, against her bedsheets.
(Are those... stockings!?)
You wouldn't think a top student would act like this. Or perhaps she can only be a top student by relieving stress like this.
(Th-That ass! Those thighs! I can't get enough!!)
I can see her skin and panties through the cloth. The cloth is like a barrier spread over them.
It's a man's dream to pierce through that barrier.
Because her legs are bent, Erena's thighs are supple against the fabric. Her panties look like they would tear if I poked them.
"Haaahn... Nnnghh... Haahn... Aaahn!"
Her slender fingers move erotically along her pussy as she murmurs softly.
(*gulp*... Wow, she really does look sexy in stockings.)
Man, her pussy must be so soft... If I touched it, my finger would slip inside. But she's tight enough to push back against my finger.
I start drooling as I take in the scene. Erena's skin is glowing, and her legs are wrapped tightly in black stockings.
(Aaah, I really want to touch her... I want to grope her breasts and ass with my own two hands!)
(I want to grab those cheeks and squeeze them to my heart's content so badly!)
Her soft, bouncy breasts are right in front of me. It's so cruel for this to only be an image.
Knowing it's pointless, I unconsciously reach out my hand, rubbing the crystal ball. My palm touches the inanimate, cold, hard ball...
(Huh!?)
"Haaahn...! Aaah..."
It... It's soft? And warm!? What's with this crystal ball!?
I'm feeling with my hands the sensations I was just imagining. For a second, I have no idea what is happening.
But as I rub the ball, Erena's moans change a bit from before.
"Aaah... Haahn... Nnnghh! Haaahn! This strange feeling... Something warm is on my butt."
(Oh...? Whoa!? So that's what's going on? This is amazing!!)
Magic really can do anything, huh? I want to kneel and give this amazing other world a round of applause!
Moving my hands back and forth like a windshield wiper, I can grasp how round her ass is. I can also feel the rough texture of her stockings.
This really is Erena's ass... It's not too big, and it's firm, spilling out a bit from her miniskirt.
"Haaahn... Aaaah... No... My pussy is trembling. Haaahn..."
(Looks like I can play with her all I want through this crystal ball.)
I usually can't get this close to her, so I'm gonna enjoy these sexy stockings until I'm satisfied.
Unable to restrain myself, I firmly grab onto her ass.
Her panting sounds closer than it did before. I see... The more excited I get, the more real this feels.
But seriously, her ass feels so good.
Erena's bottom looks like a beautiful piece of art, hugged tight by her black stockings.
The line in the fabric from her ass to her thighs, as well as the line pointing toward her pussy, are amazing.
Women really were made to be sexy from every angle.
"Nnngh... Haaah... Haaahn... I'm getting all hot inside... My hips are moving on their own."
I'm trying to touch her without giving myself away, but it seems like she's feeling it pretty strongly.
She's moving her fingers in her panties, so she probably thinks that's why she's feeling so horny.
(Amazing... She really is feeling my touch. I need to make sure she doesn't find me out.)
Chuckling to myself, I rub her ass even more vigorously than before.
I also slip my fingers between her butt cheeks just a tiny bit.
I stop worrying and grope Erena's ass and thighs without mercy.
It's super cute how her hips sometimes buck upward. She has no idea why she's feeling this way.
"H-Haahn... Wait... I said no! Haaahn!"
Hmm... Seems like she's imagining someone touching her.
I bend her over by the hips, tightly squeezing her plump thighs.
I excitedly undress and press my hard cock against the crystal ball.
"Huh? S-Something's touching me? What's that? It's so hard! Nnngh!"
Just as I expected, my dick is really touching her through the crystal ball.
When I push the tip of my cock against her stockings-covered ass, she looks surprised, and her hips twitch.
"Aaah! Wh-What? Something's touching me... Haahn! Aaaaaaah!?"
Erena looks back toward me, clearly flustered. But she can't see my hands or cock.
I get carried away and start rubbing the tip of my cock between her buttcheeks.
"Aaah!? H-Haahn! Aaah... What's happening!?"
"Huh...!? Ah... No... Something's touching me... Haaahn..."
The fabric of the stockings is rubbing against the head of my cock. It's a weakness on my part to get so turned on by just this.
Erena is letting out high-pitched moans. She shakes her ass from side to side like she's begging for more.
(You're acting pretty wild for a girl that always pretends she has zero interest in sex.)
Caught in the moment, I poke my cock between her legs. A sweet moan escapes from her mouth.
"Haaahn... I'm so wet. My panties are getting soaked. Haaah, nnngh... It's too much."
Taking my chances, I try sliding my  dick against her pussy.
"Haahn!?"
It's warm. I can tell through the stockings  and panties that wrap her pussy.
It feels so good that I start moving my hips back and forth. Erena's tight ass rubs against my cock.
"Haaah... This feels like that time with my broomstick... When it was grinding against my pussy. Nnngh... I can't get away!"
"Haaah... Haaah, nnngh, aaaah! I'm so sensitive there. If you do that to me, I'll... Haaahn..."
Erena's wet where my cock rubs against her. Her love juices are flowing out. She vigorously rocks her hips as she seems to feel my cock.
I grab her black stockings and rip them apart.
"What! Huh!?"
I try to shove my cock into her... Huh!??
"Aaah!? I-I'm really here!?"
Suddenly I find myself on top of Erena's bed. She can totally see me.
So the crystal ball reflects the wish of the user! I wanted to touch her, so now I really am touching her.
"There's no time to get angry. You want me inside you, right?"
The tip of my cock is just barely pushed inside her panties. I'm softly prodding her  like earlier.
"It-It's not like I want you to...! Nnngh... Wait, stop. Quit poking that thing around!"
"But it's okay for me to keep doing this until you tell me to go inside, right?"
"What? You're going to keep looking at my pussy?"
Erena says this with such surprise that I feel my face going red.
"I-It's not like I can help it!"
"Do you mean that as a compliment...? That makes me really happy."
Her reaction is totally unexpected. I never thought she'd be so pleased.
"Yes, it's a compliment! I'm gonna go in. You're okay with that right? Right?"
"Weren't you going to tease me until I told you to put your cock inside me?"
"Aaaaaah...! I-It's going inside. Aaah... Nnngh, aaah... Your hard dick is spreading me open!"
Erena's pussy is already wet with love juices. That's natural, considering that her stockings were already stained through.
I push my huge cock through Erena's soft pussy lips and fill her up.
"You're so wet and tight...!"
I stop moving for a moment when the thickest part of my cock spreads open her entrance.
(I-I almost came...That was a close one.)
I take a deep breath and do my best to not let her know what just happened. That would not look cool.
Maybe she's also excited by having my cock inside her, because she is panting to regain control of herself.
"Haaah... Haaah... Aaaaaah, Haaahn..."
I slowly move my hips, pushing my throbbing cock in and out of her pussy.
"H-Haaahn... Ah! Aaah... Aaaaaah, nnnghhh!"
Her warm walls envelop my erection, pulling me further inside.
Erena looks like she is fully indulging in the pleasure, her face turning red. I'm relieved that she doesn't seem to be in any pain.
"Nnngh..."
When I firmly grab hold of her hips and thrust my cock in and out, she suddenly turns to face me.
"Are you stupid? Do you think a person who didn't like this would go this far? Try not to kill the mood, okay?"
I move to meet Erena's red lips and we kiss. Her lips are so soft that I feel I could faint.
I can feel how hot Erena's body is just from kissing her.
Erena lets out a quiet and cute gasp. I wonder if my breath is tickling her.
"Nnngh... Aaah, nnngh!"
I feel Erena's pussy shake with each of her gasps and moans.
I open my eyes a bit and Erena's face comes into view, her expression showing that she is experiencing pure ecstasy.
She looks a little nervous, but also seems willing to surrender to me completely.
(S-So cute! That face isn't fair, Erena!)
Unable to hold myself back, I make out with Erena vigorously. Her pussy is so wet that I can hear her dripping.
She moves her lips in sync with mine, cutely pecking me on the cheek.
"Nnngh... Mwah... Mwah..."
"Mmh... Mwah... Mmh..."
"Mwah... Mmh, aaah... Mwah, haaah...Mwah..."
I was worried that Erena would figure out that the crystal ball's power put us in this situation, but...
Such trivial thoughts disappear as I kiss her soft lips.
"Nnngh... Aaah, mmh, haaah... You're going too fast... I'm gonna break..."
Erena has trouble mumbling these words through our locked lips.
I'm so lost in kissing her, I don't realize I'm thrusting pretty aggressively.
I reluctantly stop kissing her and regain my posture. Taking hold of Erena's hips once again, I push my cock in to the hilt.
"Aaaaaah! Haaah... Y-Your cock is so deep inside me... Ah! Nnngh... You're going even deeper!"
The way her ass feels through her stockings makes me want to caress it forever.
My cock is covered in her warm love juices. Waves of pleasure shoot through my body with each thrust, exciting me even further.
"Haaahn... Aaah... Aaaaaah! Yeah, right there! Nnngh! It feels so good!"
I notice that Erena is slightly pushing up her ass. She's trying to take my cock even deeper inside her.
"Haaahn... S-Stop being so greedy! Even if it feels good being that deep... Mmh, Haaah... Aaah!"
"You're the one pushing my cock in that deep, you know!"
Tingles run through my entire body each time the tip of my cock hits her womb.
I lean back for a moment, pulling out halfway. Then, I thrust my cock inside as deep as I can.
"Eeeeee!?"
In that one thrust, I skewer Erena with my meat. I can hear the wet sound of me entering her.
"Ah, Aaaaaah... You're so deep inside me! Your cock is... Nnngh!!"
Her pussy suddenly tightens around me. It's so tight that I wonder if she's trying to force me to cum.
"Oh! Whoa! Th-This is incredible!?"
I'm balls deep inside Erena. Her pussy is trying to savor my entire cock.
"Nnngh! Your cock is getting bigger inside of me... Ah! I'm starting to feel weird!"
"M-Me too... Oh god, I'm so close...!"
I want to feel her pussy a little longer, but seeing Erena's smooth pale skin peeking out from her torn stockings, I'm at my limit.
I can't even hold back another few seconds. I thrust my hips vigorously against Erena's.
"Aaah... I'm cumming! Haaah!"
My cock, buried deep in Erena's pussy, shoots out stream after stream of cum.
"I'm cumming! I'm cumming too! Haaaaaah! I'm cumming!!"
While taking my hot load, Erena trembles and lets out a sexy moan.
"Nnngh, Ah! You came so much! It's so warm... Haaah! Ah... Aaaaaah, I'm cumming. I'm cumming!!"
"Aaah... Eee!"
Her pussy tightens around my cock as she climaxes. The pressure is so intense, a pathetic sound escapes my lips.
"Haaah, haaah... Haaahn, aaah... Haaah... Haaah, haaah..."
Her pussy takes all of my cum. Her breathing becomes ragged, but she looks satisfied.
Her long hair sticks to her neck and breasts, which are covered in sweat. She looks so sexy.
She opens her mouth listlessly, still feeling the afterglow from her orgasm.
"Nnngh... Haah, haah... What will you do about this?"
Is she talking about how I came inside her? That's a troubling question...
"Ugh... My stockings are ruined..."
"That's what you meant!?"
She looks relieved upon seeing my reaction. She softly chuckles.
"Haha... So, Wizard-kun who gets off watching a girl's stockings while she touches herself, were you able to enjoy yourself?"
"Of course I did!"
