マリィ
リリィ
炎厨矢
行司の女の子
？？？
"%i1Hakkeyoi! Nokotta, nokotta!%r"
"Wow, they're really going at it. ♪"
So here I am, in a far-off land, for some reason watching one of my home country's most traditional sports—sumo.
I've always found it such an intense sport. Two huge, bulky men, slamming against each other with all of their strength.
However, the spectacle occurring in front of me is a little different.
"Hngh, I'm not done yet!"
(Phew, I can't quite believe this! This is the legendary magical sport of women's sumo wrestling!)
I would love to pretend I was here out of a pure-blooded Japanese man's love of the national sport. But... you know me.
I've been guided here entirely by my cock, to see just what kind of skimpy outfits they'd be wearing. And what a sight it is!
"Me neither!"
Standing in the ring are two absurdly sexy %i1rikishi%r.
I admit, I was prepared for disappointment. I half expected this to be a sport for orcs or hobgoblins in this world.
But no, dueling in front of me are a pair of big, busty ogre girls.
"Hehehehe, mmm..."
They smash into each other, their muscular arms, buxom boobs, and thick thighs jiggling with the impact.
And hardly any of their sweaty flesh is hidden either. Their ring outfits are obscenely skimpy.
Their %i1fundoshi%r can hardly be called that. They're basically just wearing G-strings.
Ahh, what I wouldn't give to be in the middle of that clash of cleavage!
Gah, it's a waste watching it from so far away! I want to be in the ring seats, with my whole field of view filled with that near-naked skin.
"Hello there! I was wondering if I might have a look around the club!"
"Huh... I thought I felt some pervy eyes spying on us. Should have known it'd be that transfer student."
"Oh, I see my reputation precedes me!"
"Err, that wasn't really a compliment..."
"Oh my, we've never had a male student come to watch us. Make yourself at home and we'll keep practicing."
"Thanks, I'll make sure to watch as close as I can. I want to see every single part of your... repertoires, ahem."
"Just don't get in our way."
"Oh, Marie, must you be so rude? This is why so many people are scared of you, you know?"
"Shaddup!"
The strong-willed Marie, and the ladylike Lily... Up close, they're even more astonishing than I thought!
"So, in this world women wrestle too?"
"What do you mean, 'too?' I don't know what kind of weird stuff you do in your world, but around here men don't wrestle—it's creepy."
"I see, I see! Then I am vastly happier in this wonderful, wonderful world!"
"Oh, you're a fun one. Would you maybe like to give it a little try?"
"S-S-S-Seriously!?"
"Hey, Lily, what do you think you're doing!?"
"Come on now, it's fine, isn't it? I'm interested to see exactly how he can do against us. Or are you too embarrassed to wrestle a man?"
"I-It's nothing like that..."
"So, you want to try, don't you? We'll be your first sparring partners."
"It'd be an absolute honor!"
I want to grapple those huge honkers more than anything right now!
"Great, then it's settled. But I'm not going to go easy on you just because you're a beginner. ♪"
"D-Don't complain to me if you get hurt, okay?"
"P-Please be gentle..."
I'm really going to wrestle with this pair of beauties! I can't believe my luck!
"...Huh?"
I feel the familiar sensation of my powers kicking in.
This power is called... "Sumo, more like Sumoan"!?
It only takes me a split second to understand what kind of magic this must be.
I guess I'd better get my %i1fundoshi%r on!
