バジリスク
フィー
炎厨矢
"...*huff*... *huff*... Senpai, there's a basilisk approaching straight ahead!"
A basilisk, huh? They're total small fry in a video game, but in this world, they could easily kill you in a heartbeat.
At Phee's level, we could easily kill it, but I can tell she's starting to run low on mana.
What kinda god of shit luck did we piss off to run into one %i1right%r before we reach the exit?
I'm guessing the source of Phee's power, the Philosopher's Bone, must be drawing monsters toward us.
"Hmm?"
Suddenly, I feel a new Ero-Magic skill drift into my consciousness.
Got it, so if she gives me a blowjob, I can replenish her mana and recharge our rifle with .69 ammo. Looks like that's our only hope.
Without a moment's delay, I incant the Ero-Magic spell!
"Phee, I need you to become my suit! Use the mana from my dick to charge our magic rifle!"
"Wha—!? O-Okay, Senpai... Then... If you insist..."
She seems embarrassed as she wraps her arms around me.
Then I get a whiff of the sweet scent of her hair.
And those massive melons of hers press up against me!
She's a year younger than me, so how the hell are they so fucking big!?
She glows white, and she covers my body with her own as she transforms into my bodysuit.
"A-All right, Senpai... Here I go... Mmn... *kiss*... *slurp*..."
Though she sounds like she's embarrassed, she starts sucking me off like it's the best thing in the world.
"Holy crap..."
She may be a suit right now, but I can absolutely feel her warm and soft tongue and lips over the head of my cock.
"Phee, that's amazing..."
"Mmm... *kiss*... Does it feel good, Senpai? *slurp*..."
Though I can hear the words she whispers straight into my ears, her blowjob is so much better than I imagined that I can't even respond.
She wraps her tongue around the head like she's trying to cover the whole thing.
Phee laps at my tip with her tongue to stimulate it further.
"Nngh, that feels so good..."
It's like I'm being lapped up by tongues right on the inside of my suit.
I can feel my cock getting harder by the second, and the way the suit clings to it just makes it even more exciting.
Phee starts working her tongue up and down my throbbing cock like she's stroking it.
"Harder, Phee..."
Probably shouldn't be saying that when I'm gonna bust any second, though.
I can already feel that white-hot mana bullet building up toward my tip.
"Phee, that's amazing... I'm gonna fill you up with mana!"
I reach my climax and thrust my hips like I'm thrusting into her. I cum straight into my suit, which isn't weird because it's Phee.
"Wheeew. That should be enough, right?"
Every last bit of my cum gets sucked into the suit. That is to say, Phee has swallowed every drop.
With that, my magic gun is refilled with mana. I can fire at any time.
"%i1Screeeeeeeee!%r"
The basilisk doesn't seem to notice what we've been up to and starts coming closer.
"Sorry homie, but we're at the top of our game here!"
I borrow Phee's sniping abilities to fire at it before it even knows we're there.
"Feuer!"
We hit it head-on, and the basilisk falls unmoving where once it stood proud.
"Phew... Man, that really took a lot outta me."
Guess the mana I shot outta my ding dong was pretty damn dense.
"Phee, you don't have to be my suit anymore... Phee?"
Phee changes back into her human form, takes her breasts out, and squeezes my dick between them.
