システィーネ
炎厨矢
"Hahh, hahh... Here we go, Sistine-senpai. Climb onto your steed."
"O-Okay..."
(I-I'm finally going to feel Takumi-kun's cock in my p-pussy... My heart's racing. I'm so excited!)
In addition to the effect of the "Panties of Purity," the "ESPenis" allows me to read Sistine-senpai's thoughts.
Her level of arousal would be obvious even if it wasn't put into words, however. She's staring at my cock and panting like a wild animal.
Her plump, round ass gradually lowers down toward its tip.
Love juices are already leaking out of her slit and dripping down my shaft.
(She's already so wet... This girl is amazing!)
"H-Here I go..."
She slowly lowers herself, and her entrance finally makes the tiniest contact with the head of my cock.
(Hahh, hahhh... I can tell how hot and slippery her pussy is already!)
"Ahn, it twitched!"
"Haha, your pussy just gave it a surprise, that's all."
She keeps lowering her hips with a desperate expression of lust on her face.
"Mmn, hahhn... Mnnph!"
(What is this feeling? My whole body's tingling just from touching it... I don't know what's going to happen if it goes inside me... Hahhn...)
Her face flushes red. I can tell just how much anticipation and excitement is filling her mind.
Nectar is already dripping down her milky-white thighs.
"Mmn, ahhn... Mnn, hahhn!"
She rubs the head along her slit as if teasing me.
Each time she does, her huge, full breasts jiggle in front of my face.
I'm desperate to feel what it's like inside her, but faced with a pair of boobs like this, I can't help but want to play with them first.
"Sistine-senpai!"
"Hahhn, Takumi-kun!? Ahhn, if you're so rough with me, I'll— Ahahhn, it feels too good!"
The softness and weight of them is so alluring in my hands that I'm rendered momentarily breathless.
They're such perfect breasts!
"Ahhhn... Mmn, hahhn! Hahhn!"
I roughly knead and squeeze them, feeling my fingers being enveloped by her soft flesh.
"Mmn, ahhn... Hngh, hahhn!"
The head of my cock slowly works itself between her pussy lips and is quickly bathed in her warmth and wetness.
"Keep going, Sistine-senpai..."
She lets out a slightly pained moan as she sinks down slowly. All the while, I'm greedily enjoying the feeling of her boobs.
"Ahhn... Your horn, it's going inside me... Hnngh..."
I'm only a little way in, but already it's difficult to hold back from cumming.
She's so wet that I've slid in with almost no resistance.
But then the head of my cock starts to strain against the proof of her chastity.
"Takumi-kun... Here I go. Hahh, hahh... Take my virginity!"
I drive my hips upward, and plunge my shaft into her down to the hilt.
"HNNNGHHH! Ahahhhnnn!"
The instant I break through her chastity, her entire body shudders as if struck by lightning.
Her pussy walls immediately squirm and twitch around me with wild excitement.
"Hahh, hahh... A-Are you okay?"
"I-I'm fine. It doesn't hurt that much."
"In fact, it feels good... Ahhn, I've even been seeing your cock in my dreams lately. It's amazing...!"
She squirms on top of me, arching her back as she gets used to the sensation of my length inside her.
"I guess it doesn't hurt because you're so used to riding big, bucking beasts."
"D-Don't say that, it's embarrassing... Mmmn, I can feel the shape of it much more than when we do anal..."
"Oh, I'm going to make sure your pussy knows every inch of my cock!"
Her tight grip on me is so exciting that I can't hold back anymore.
I start to drive my hips upward, slamming my length into her.
"Ahahhhnn! D-Don't do that so suddenly! Ahhn, mmn, ahn! Hahhhn!"
I drive my cock into her newly non-virgin pussy with furious force.
My hips buck like a bronco, making Sistine's huge boobs bounce up and down with wanton abandon.
"Ahhhn, ahn! Mmmnph, ahn! Ahahhhnnn!"
Her moans are almost like those of a mare in heat.
Every time I thrust inside her, her desperate pussy squeezes down on my cock.
"Ahhn, your cock's throbbing inside of me... It's so big... Ahnn, ahahhnn!"
"Sistine-senpai... I love how openly you're calling it a 'cock' now!"
"D-Don't say that, I'm just, ummm... Ahhhn!"
"Come on, say it again. If you don't, I'm not going to thrust any more."
"Th-That's not fair. It's embarrassing... Mmmn, ahn, ahahhhn!"
"Hmm, maybe I should pull out..."
"N-No way... I love your c-cock! It's so good! It's making my pussy quiver... Mmn, ahhahhn! Cock! Cock! Cock! Cock!"
She repeats the word over and over like a woman possessed.
As promised, I keep thrusting up into her and stirring up her pussy.
Her ponytail dances like an actual pony's tail.
"Ahhhn, ahn, ahn! Mmmn, hhhngh! Ahahhn!"
Her tongue lolls out of her mouth and she lets out a high moan.
I set my sights on her shaking lips, and raise myself up to kiss her.
"Mmnn! Mnn, *mwah*... Mmph, mmn, *slurp*! Mmm!"
I entwine my tongue with hers as I force it into her mouth.
(Kissing is making her pussy twitch so much.)
It's clamping down hard on my cock as our tongues wrestle.
She responds to my kiss with equal amounts of passion.
"Mmn, *slurp*... *lick*... Mmm, *slurp*... Hahhn, mwah!"
Her sweet taste fills my mouth.
"Mmm, mwah, *slurp*!"
We've put so much practice into kissing while we've had anal sex that the intensity is overwhelming.
I can tell just how much she loves kissing from how fervently she's entwining her tongue with mine.
"Mmm, *shlurrrp*! Mwah... I love kishinggg... Mmmn, mwah, *slurp*!"
Her pussy walls are gripping my shaft with just as much passion.
It's so hot and wet that I can hardly believe she was a virgin until a moment ago.
Hitting my stride, I start to move my hips and tongue with even greater force.
"Mmmmn! Mmnph, mwah... *slurrp*! Mwah, mmmn!"
Our tongues trade hot, sticky saliva.
The sweetness is so overwhelming that it's almost intoxicating.
"Mmm, mwah... Ahhhn, kishing while your cock'sh in my pushy feelsh sho good... Mmn, ahn, ahahhhn!"
She's already wallowing in ecstasy, but we're not even started yet.
"Giddy up, Sistine-senpai!"
I brandish the crop she usually uses when riding. Her expression instantly changes.
"Huh?! I-If you use that while your cock's inside me, I'll...! Hahh, hahhn!"
"I can tell from the look on your face that you'll love it. Turn around and show me your ass."
She does exactly as she's told, spinning around on my cock.
I take aim, and swing the whip towards her plump, round cheeks.
"Hahhn! Ahnn, it feels so good! My butt feels so good! Ahahhn!"
The crack of the crop and her high, animal scream reverberate through the air.
Every lash leaves a red mark on her plump ass.
"Takumi-kun! Ahn, hhngh! Haahnn! Ahn, stop, it's too much— Ahhhhnnn!"
I strike the crop against her big, masochistic ass over and over again.
(Whoa, she's getting even tighter!)
With each hit her pussy twitches and clenches.
We've done this a lot in the course of her anal "training."
She was uneasy about it at first, but she quickly noticed that the pain turned into pleasure.
"Tsk, you really are a dirty, masochistic little mare!"
I can hardly criticize her, given that the sight of her contorting in ecstasy is so perfectly erotic that I'm addicted to it too.
The way her pussy grips me like a vice isn't bad either.
It's a different feeling to the tightness of her ass that has its own particular appeal.
"Ahhhn... Hnngh, mmm... Hahhnn!"
I start to thrust into her at the same time as I whip her plump cheeks.
She bucks and slams her hips back at me, moving with pure animal lust.
Her pussy walls are squirming as if trying to massage my shaft.
"Ahhhhn, it felt amazing just having your cock inside me, but when you whip my butt too... Hahhhn!"
"Tsk, you've got one hell of a lewd ass to get excited from something like this!"
I strike both of her cheeks again and again, making them jiggle and ripple.
The loud cracks make me sure it must hurt a lot, but a hardy crusader like Sistine-senpai wouldn't be satisfied with less than this.
Soon her ass is glowing bright red, and she's shaking it at me desperately and begging for more.
"Ahhhn, it hurts so much! It's amazing! Ahnn, mmnph, hyahhhn!"
"Come on, you can ride me harder than that!"
I whip her ass with every ounce of strength I have, like a jockey getting their horse to speed up.
"O-Okay... Hnngh, hahhhnn!"
She slams herself down on me in furious rhythm, getting faster and faster.
The sound of her thick ass slapping against me reverberates around us. Even from behind I can see her huge breasts bouncing up and down.
Every single part of her is so sexy!
"Ahahhn, ahn! Mmn, mmngh... Ahahhhn!"
She's like a wild animal, panting and moaning as her body twitches and jerks.
"Whoa... Mmm!"
Her pussy is clenching around my shaft with such power that I can't help but moan myself.
I can hardly complain since it was me that told her to do this, but the pleasure is so intense that I might just go crazy.
"Ahhn, this feels too good! Haaahhn! O-Oh no... I can hardly take it any more!"
Hot spurts of her love nectar are leaking from the point where we're connected.
It's the proof just how much this arouses her.
Watching her huge ass, criss-crossed with red whip marks, bouncing up and down in front of me is making me feel the exact same way.
"Ahn, mmn, Takumi-kun... I can't handle it anymore... I want to cum from having my pussy fucked! Ahahhn!"
I stop whipping her, but her bouncing doesn't slow down at all. In fact, she slams down on me with increasing force.
I can now focus entirely on the wet, obscene sound of her pussy squeezing my cock.
"Hahh, hahhh, your pussy's amazing, Sistine-senpai... I'm almost ready for the big finish!"
"Ahhhhn! Yes! Keep moving too, Takumi-kun... Let's feel good together! Ahhn, ahhnn... Hahhhn!"
We slam our hips together wildly as we push each other closer and closer to the brink.
We're both bucking in perfect rhythm, driving my cock into her as deep as it can go.
"Ahhhn, ahn, ahnn! Mnn, hnngh, ahahhnn!"
Sistine-senpai is so lost to the pleasure that she's eagerly bucking on me with beastly strength.
Her breasts are jiggling and bouncing so much that I can even see them from behind her.
"Hnngh, I'm getting close!"
Looking at them drives my passions so wild that I can't help but want to punish those huge tits for being so sexy.
I reach out and start to roughly knead them in my hands.
"Hahhhn, T-Takumi-kun... Ahhn, that feels so good! Ahahhn, mmn, ahhhnnn!"
Her nipples are so hard and swollen with arousal that I can't help but want to tease them.
I grind them between my fingertips as I play with her breasts, making them spring back and tingle.
"Ahhn! Mmn, hahhhn!"
(Ahhhhn! Yes, yes! I want him to grope me as hard as he can!)
I thought I was being a little too rough, but apparently, even this isn't enough for Sistine-senpai.
I squeeze her huge boobs even harder, so much so that my fingers make bright red imprints in her skin.
"Ahhhhn, you're being so rough! Hahhn! Mmnph, ahnn!"
Their softness is amazingly springy in my hands. I spread my fingers as wide as possible, pulling and kneading them.
They've become so sensitive that every touch makes her let out a high, mellifluous moan.
I take hold of her nipples in my fingertips and twist and tweak them.
"Hyahhn! N-No, not there! They're too sensitive! Ahhhn, ahahhnn!"
The feeling of her pussy squirming and clenching around my shaft is so good that I have no intention of heeding her protests.
"Ahhhn, ahn, ahn! Mmnpph, ahahahhnnn!"
Sistine-senpai writhes on top of me as if struck by electricity.
"You've got these huge, sexy boobs, but you're not squirting milk? That's just not right!"
"O-Of course I'm not. I was a virgin until a moment ago... Ahhn, mmn!"
"Well then, I'm going to have to keep cumming inside you until you're a mother then!"
"Ahhn, you mean, I'll have your— AHHN!! Hahhn, that felt so weird! Hahhhn!"
My cock kisses the entrance to her womb as if telling her what's about to happen.
With every thrust, I drive as deep into her as I can go, making her buck and writhe with every stroke.
"Ahhhn! Hnngh, mmn, ahahhn!"
The mix of pain and pleasure is so intense that her moans have turned into carnal screams.
"Ahhn, hahhn! Mmmn, Takumi-kun! I-I can't take it anymore... I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Hyahhhn!"
"Hahh, hahhh... I am too, Sistine-senpai!"
I slam my hips against hers with every ounce of strength I have, and she rides on top of me like a jockey entering the final furlong.
The air is filled with the obscene sound of our flesh slapping together and sprays of Sistine-senpai's love juices splattering across the lawn.
My body is gradually growing hotter and hotter as the urge to fill her with my cum overtakes me.
"Ahhhn, mmnph! Ahahhhn, hnngh!"
She's quivering all over. I can tell she's really on the brink.
I grab hold of her breasts as I desperately slam my entire length inside of her again and again.
"Ahhhn, I'm cumming! Cum inside me, Takumi-kun! Ahahhhnnnn!"
At the instant that I feel my lust reach its peak, I plunge my cock into her pussy so that its tip grinds against the entrance to her womb.
"I'm cumming, Sistine-senpai!"
"AHHHHNNN! I-I can feel it filling up my womb... It's so hot... Ahhn, so this is what it feels like to be came inside!"
My vision goes blurry as I finally release all of my lust into her.
"I'm going to give you every drop I have!"
"Ahhhhn, there's so much! If you pour all of this inside me when I'm cumming, I'll go crazy! HAHHHN!"
My cock pulses and spurts jet after jet of thick cum into her. She writhes on top of me, wave after wave of orgasm rocking her body.
Her pussy walls squeeze down on my shaft and massage it as if trying to suck every last drop out of me.
I keep my cock pushed as deep inside of her as I can. My tip throbs against the entrance to her womb as it bathes it in white seed.
"Ahhhn, it's still coming out... There's even more than when you cum in my butt... My whole womb is full up! Ahhhhnn!"
Ecstasy surges through her again and again, as unending as the hot stream.
"Ahhn, this is amazing... I never knew sex could feel this good! I can feel it in my womb! Hahhn!"
After what seems like an eternity, finally my cock is spent.
"Hahh, hahhh... It's like your pussy was trying to drain every last drop out of me."
"Hahh, there is so much... I can't believe how incredible it was..."
Her face is a picture of bliss.
"I'm glad I made you feel good, Sistine-senpai."
"You are? Mmn... You're still so hard, though..."
"That's because you're pussy's still gripping it so tight."
"Does this mean, umm... You're still in the mood?"
"Mmn, ahn! Haaahhn!"
Even though we both just came, Sistine-senpai starts to grind her hips against me.
Her motions are slower and more gentle than before. She's obviously still sensitive in the afterglow.
"Hahh, hahhh, you're still squeezing around my shaft so hard..."
Her breathing is ragged, and the look in her eyes is that of a wild animal in heat.
"Mmmn, hahh... Ahn, hyahhn!"
She ruts against me, but it seems like she's struggling to get the same feeling as before.
She gives me a pleading glance, begging me to move too.
It's a gaze that makes my cock twitch unconsciously.
"If there's something you want me to do, you have to tell me, Sistine-senpai."
"T-Tell you?"
Her face flushes red with embarrassment, but she can't hold herself back.
"Please, Takumi-kun... Start moving again. Even if it's just once more, I want you to cum inside my pussy... I need your cock, so please..."
Dammit, that was so cute and sexy! How can a girl older than me be so cute!?
"Ahhhn, ahnn! Mmn, hahhhn!"
Her cuteness instantly enflames my libido again, and I start to thrust into her at top speed.
Her pussy is slick with the cum I've just poured into it.
"Ahhhhn! This just what I wanted! Ahn, more, more! Hnngh, ahahhn!"
The air is once again filled with the wet, obscene sounds of our bodies slamming together.
Her pussy is so sensitive from cumming that I can feel it twitching feverishly around my shaft.
"Ahhn, ahn! Mmnph, ahahahhhn!"
Cum gushes out every time I push inside her, and her pussy walls squirm and clench around me as if begging for more to replace it.
"Tsk, what a greedy pussy. I'm going to give it so much cum it'll be full for days!"
I can already feel the pressure building in my lower half, but I keep driving my cock into her mercilessly.
"Ahhhn! Takumi-kun... I'm so happy to have you cumming inside me! My womb is crying out for it! Ahhhn, mmmnph!"
Sistine-senpai keeps perfectly in rhythm, bouncing on me like a trampoline.
Her ample boobs jiggle on her chest, and I lean in to tease her nipples once more.
"Mmmnph!? T-Takumi-kun... I-If you suck on them, I'll— Ahhn! Ahahhn!"
"Mmn, *slurp*! Mwah, *schlurrp*!"
I lick and suck them like a hungry foal despite her protests.
Although there's no milk coming out, the taste of her sweat and the scent of her pheromones soak through my entire body.
"Ahhn, hnngh! Mmn, hahhhn!"
I suck on them so greedily that I can feel her shaking. Her pussy squeezes my shaft with overwhelming strength.
"Your boobs are so soft and squishy... They're incredible!"
I push them together and suck on both of them, licking and nibbling at them.
"AHAHHHN! Takumi-kun! Don't bite them! It makes me shiver all over... Ahhhnnn!"
She jerks as if hit by electricity every time I nibble at the stiff little buds.
Her pussy spasms and transmits that electricity right back into me.
"Mmn, these are just the best! *nip*!"
I nibble at them again and again, enjoying their stiffness and warmth.
I flick my tongue against them as I bite, and pull on them and roll them around between my teeth.
I do everything I can think of to sate my own hunger and push Sistine-senpai to even greater heights of pleasure.
"Ahhhn, ahn! Mmmn, ahahhnnn!"
It seems to be working, judging from how wildly she's riding me. She's completely desperate for more.
Her moans are loud, carnal, and filled with unrestrained lust.
"Ahhhn! Cock... I love cock! Fuck my pussy more! I want my pussy to be the shape of your cock!"
Hearing the refined equestrian club ace talking like this is so erotic that both my body and my heart are burning with desire.
I can feel the pressure welling up inside of me, threatening to push me over the edge.
"Sistine-senpai, get ready! I'm going to fill your womb up again!"
"Ahhn, yes, I want it all! Pour your cum inside me and get me pregnant, Takumi-kun! Ahhn, I'm cumming, I'm cumminngggggggg!!!"
I drive my cock into her down to the hilt, pressing the tip against the entrance to her womb right as I reach my limit.
"Hnnngh!"
"HAHHHNNNN! I can feel it! It's pouring into my womb! Ahhhn, ahahhhhhnn!"
My cock erupts inside her, painting the entrance to her womb white.
Even though it's the second time I've climaxed, there's still so much cum that it quickly completely fills her up.
"Ahhhn, amazing, there's still so much... I don't think I can live without your cock or cum anymore! Ahnnn!"
Her face is a picture of ecstasy. She moans the dirtiest of words without a hint of shame as wave after wave of orgasm washes over her.
The words ring in my ears with such a licentious lilt that my cock pulses harder and harder.
"Ahhhn! Ahn, ahhhnn! Mmmnph, hnngh, ahahhnnnn!"
She's so full that thick gushes of cum start to spurt out of her twitching entrance.
The sensation makes her pussy walls squirm and clench around me.
The tightness is overwhelming, as if she's trying to milk out every last drop to ensure she really does get pregnant.
"Ahhhn! It's spilling out of my pussy! It feels so incredible! I'm going crazy! AHHHNNN!!!"
She's so drunk on the pleasure that she might pass out.
I can't believe this incarnation of sex itself was a virgin just moments ago.
She's already completely addicted to being cummed inside.
"Hnngh, your pussy's still squeezing me so tight... This is too much..."
"Mmmn! Your cock's still cumming too! There's so much, I'm definitely going to get pregnant! Ahhn, it's so hot, and it feels so good..."
She's staring down at the point where we're connected with wild lust.
"Sistine-senpai..."
"Hehe, nope, you're not pulling out yet. ♪ This cock belongs to me now... Mwah!"
She leans in to kiss me, my length still throbbing inside her.
She clings onto me gleefully.
"I'm going to need to do a lot of, ahem, training for the next event. You'll help me, won't you?"
She flashes me a lecherous grin. How could I turn down a girl that can smile like that?
It looks like I'm going to be spending at least a few more sessions helping out the equestrian club's ace.
I don't think we'll be doing much horse-riding, though. I think she's starting to become more interested in becoming a cowgirl!
