カトレーヌ
炎厨矢
"Oof... Yeesh, Olga. I don't care how excited she was, there was no need for that."
I'm on my way to the nurse's office after being the recipient of a direct hit, courtesy of one of Olga's magic items.
As much as I'd like to say that's my sole reason for skipping down the hall, there's a little something else on my mind as well.
"Hoo boy. I'm close to whipping it out on the spot... Just like Catherine-senpai's boobs!"
Oh, right. Catherine-senpai, the archpriest and third-year healthcare committee member, works in the nurse's office.
Just the opportunity to worship at the altar of those heavenly orbs is reason enough to go there.
"All righty, time to go visit the nurse's office. Or should I say, the nurse's orifice..."
With a huge grin plastered on my face, I enter the nurse's office.
"Anybody home?"
From within comes a voice so sweet it could cure diseases.
"One moment, I'll be right— Oh, Takumi-kun!"
"Catherine-senpai! ♪"
As I enter the office, I'm greeted with a smile befitting of the Virgin Mary herself.
"...*sniff*... *whiff*... *snort*..."
Catherine-senpai smells as nice as always! It's such a sweet scent I can't help but savor it.
"Teehee, what's wrong? Your breathing is getting so heavy. There's never a dull moment when you're around, Takumi-kun."
Catherine-senpai's sweet scent quickly spreads from my nose to every corner of my body.
Catherine e Romancia-senpai, the short-haired cutie, uses water elemental healing magic.
She has a wise and kind appearance, but those honkers would distract even the most celibate of priest.
Boobs aside, she's calm and kind and full of charity, like an angel or goddess. No wonder everyone admires her.
"Ah, that's better... Wha—!?"
Suddenly, I feel a new Ero-Magic somewhere deep within me becoming unlocked. And... What's this? Its name is...
"Titty Fuck Confession"!?
(Oho, %i1this%r could be fun.)
I quietly reveal my wand and begin the incantation.
(I don't notice any immediate effects... I guess all I can do is wait.)
I sit there and chill for a moment, all the while hypnotized by those immense breasts.
"All right, Takumi-kun. Let's have a look and see what's ailing you."
Catherine-senpai, a member of the healthcare committee, heals me with her magic.
My body is enveloped in light, and just like magic, my bruises disappear.
"Phew, that feels %i1much%r better... Thanks, Catherine-senpai. I knew you'd fix me right up!"
"You're very welcome. Just be careful on your way ou— Wait a second, are you okay?"
Senpai seems to be catching on...
"Catherine-senpai, something's wrong! I'm all healed up, but now..."
"Huh? Eek!"
Catherine-senpai's face turns bright red as her eyes are drawn to a specific part of me.
"Er, I... I mean, you... What... Why...?"
My pants are beginning to get really, %i1really%r tight.
"How weird... The moment you cast your healing magic on me, it just started growing!"
"I-It's never reacted this way before, has it?"
"Well, crap. I can't go back to class like this. Isn't there something you can do to help, Senpai?"
"Um, just a sec... Let me try my healing magic again."
Catherine-senpai repeats her healing spell, but it just spurs on my rager even harder.
(Heh heh, damn, the more Catherine-senpai casts her heals, the more my dick grows...)
Thanks to the Ero-Magic, my hog is turning into a full-fledged hammock.
"I don't get it... Why is your... appendage... growing %i1so much%r like that? *pant* *pant*..."
"Senpai, please! I need your help! Do something quick, or I'll miss my classes... Aww maaaan..."
"Nooo, don't cry, Takumi-kun! O-Okay... This is my fault, so it's my responsibility to fix it..."
Catherine-senpai's breathing becomes more and more ragged as she blushes an even deeper red.
And before I realize it, something beyond my wildest dreams happens.
"W-Well... I-I suppose I have no choice..."
Finally, the Ero-Magic seems to be doing its thing. I can't imagine the seraphic Catherine- senpai doing something like this ordinarily.
"Takumi-kun, um... Th-They never covered this in my lessons... What do I do?"
"It's fine! Your hands would work, but it would go even faster if you use your boobs!"
"Faster... R-Right, the faster the better. But what if someone sees us?"
"I'll make sure that doesn't happen! Please, cure me, Senpai!"
"Just to let you know... I'd never do this for anyone else, Takumi-kun..."
Catherine-senpai starts to unbutton her blouse, her eyes locked with mine all the while.
