ミャウ
炎厨矢
"Takumi-saaan! Are you here? It's your favorite maid and servant, Myau! ♪"
"Wait, you're not my servant!"
The magic dragon maid Myau lets herself in without waiting to be asked.
She stands in the open doorway, and the moment she sees my face her tail starts wagging and her face lights up. Damn, she's cute.
"I've come to help you out today. If there's anything you need, anything at all, just let me know and I'll give you a hand!"
"Oh... Well, in that case, uh..."
"..."
"..."
"Um..."
"O-Okay, well, come in then! I can't have you standing in the entrance looking like that!"
Myau's eyes are wandering, almost as if she's completely lost without someone telling her what to do.
So I let her into my room. Not that it's unusual to let her in, mind you.
"It looks like today is laundry and cleaning day for you, Takumi-saaan!"
"Are you always this hyper?"
It's actually thanks to Myau's high spirits that I've been able to avoid feeling down since turning up in this world.
"Hmm, I just cleaned this room the other day, but now look—it's back to being a normal boy's room... Hehehe. ♪"
I don't know why she sounds so jolly, but she's grinning as she gets to work cleaning.
I've been meaning to clean this place properly.
I knew Myau was coming over so I made an effort to keep it tidy, but I guess that wasn't enough for a girl as detail-oriented as her.
It was the same deal back in my home world—except there I never even made an effort to keep my room tidy.
That would explain why my sister hated me!
I wonder just how excited Myau would be if I could invite her over to my room in my home world... She'd probably climax on the spot!
"Ah! Hehe, how did it get so dusty in here? ♪ Takumi-san, how ever did you survive without me to help you? Teehee... ♪"
"I-I dunno what you mean... You're just being nitpicky."
"Of course I am! You're my savior, Takumi-san. There's no one more important to me than you!"
"Okay, okay, whatever floats your boat."
"No!"
Myau curtsies at me with her tongue out, dressed up in her maid outfit.
"O-Oh."
She's so cute... I don't know what I'd do if she looked at me head on like that.
Myau really wanted to help me out, so I let her come over a few times a week. She mostly does laundry and cleaning for me.
These are things that you simply have to do, so the fact that Myau's willing to do them for me is a big help.
"Is this all the laundry? You aren't hiding any, are you?"
"Hey, what are you doing? Stop rubbing up against my pants like that."
"Don't worry! I really don't mind if there happens to be any jizz on these... Teeheehee... ♪"
"Why does that make you smile the most? I care if you rub up against that stuff!"
"C'mon, there's no need to be all embarrassed. I'll take full responsibility to get these back to you nice and clean!"
"Alright, alright, off you go."
"All done! ♪ Now then, next I need to clean this messy room! Watch and learn, Takumi-san! I'm going to work really hard for you! ♪"
She really seems to mean it as she skips along to do her work with a smile on her face.
She starts to gleefully sweep the floor, her hips shaking and tail wagging.
It's almost like she's dancing with the broom... Have I fallen into a musical world?
"You really like to clean, huh?"
"Teehee! ♪ Yep, I really do! ♪"
Seeing Myau have so much fun cleaning, I can't help but have a little fun myself.
Of course, mine is a fun of a slightly different kind. I'm really digging her little maid outfit.
"Hmm? Wh-What the..."
The Ero-Magic manifests, as if detecting that I was starting to have some dirty thoughts.
%150;"Pantyless Floor Cleaning"!?
Cleaning the floor all crouched down like a runner at the starting blocks, her whole ass out and bare for all to behold!
How lucky am I to get a load of the view of a maid's bare ass shaking around as she cleans my floor!
Welp... I'm so drawn in by the look of her maid outfit, I can't help but activate the Ero-Magic. I might as well, right?
