リディア
炎厨矢
(Is this her classroom?)
When I activate the spell, I suddenly find my senses transferred into one of the classroom's chairs.
I can feel my entire body being squished by a huge, plump ass and thighs clad in black pantyhose.
It's like being wrapped up in a warm, soft hug.
I'm already loving this Ero-Magic, and this ass!
I could be a chair forever...
It's not just the softness that's wonderful—it's the warmth, and the sweet smell.
"Mmn, *sniiffffffffffff*!"
I take such a deep breath I feel like I'm sucking in all the air in the room.
"Huh!?"
Given my utter lack of stealth skills, Lydia-chan naturally realizes something is wrong.
"Why hello there, Lydia-chan! You wouldn't believe how nice it is to be a chair. Anyway, enough pleasantries, time for training!"
My lips rub against her panties as I speak to her.
"Ahn! Nngh, i-is that you, Takumi-senpai? Where are you? Hahh, hahh..."
The feeling in her crotch and simply hearing the word "training" already has her panting.
"You did well to notice I was here. The truth is, I'm your chair!"
"Whaaaat!?"
Flustered, she looks uneasily down at her seat.
"Th-This is pretty sudden. Is this today's training?"
"Yep. I want to see just how dirty you can get without anyone else in the class noticing. Ahem..."
Clearing my throat, I switch into coach mode.
"Hahhn... Ahn! T-Takumi-senpai, your cock is— Ahhn!"
My cock suddenly appears out of the seat, and slides up between her ass cheeks. Lydia-chan quivers at the sudden sensation.
Her normally perfect posture instantly crumbles, and she slouches down on the desk.
"Damn, your ass really is soft. It's squeezing around my cock. It feels great, Lydia-chan!"
"Hyahhn! Y-Your cock's twitching inside my butt crack... Ahhn..."
I can already tell that she's paying far more attention to my cock than her class.
Meanwhile, I'm busy plundering the softness of her pantyhose-clad booty.
"Okay, get ready. Time to start moving."
I begin stroking my cock up and down her ass crack.
The velvety sensation of her pantyhose and the slight pressure of her cheeks around my shaft make my cock throb.
"Mmn, hahh, hahh... Ahhn... Hahh, ahn!"
Lydia-chan lets out soft, breathy little moans.
Her hips squirm on top of me, her plump ass jiggling right in front of my face.
I don't just see it, but I feel it pressing voluptuously down on my entire body too.
"Phew, this is the best...!"
The sensation is so arousing that I can't help but start to thrust faster and faster.
"Mmmn, hahhhn... Mmn, hahh, ahn...!"
I press my shaft hard into the sleek softness of her pantyhose.
Her ass cheeks are so springy that they push back against me.
Knowing that this shy girl has such an amazingly erotic ass just makes it more exciting.
"Ahnn, T-Takumi-senpai, your cock is so hot... I-If you keep doing that, I'll... Mnnph..."
She puts the full weight of her ass down on me, letting me do as I wish with her.
She starts to grind her hips against her chair a little, just enough to not make a sound.
"Hahh, hahhh..."
"Ahn, y-your breath is... tingling against me... Ahnn, haaahn!"
"Lydia-chan... Hahh, hahh, I'm..."
I'm already hungry for more. I stick my hands out of the seat of the chair.
I hungrily pull down her pantyhose and panties at the same time.
"T-Takumi-senpai! Ahn! E-Everyone will notice! Hahh, hahhh..."
The instant they come down, the scent of sweat and arousal hits my nose.
"Whoa, that smell... I love it!"
As much as I love her normal sweetness, this perverted kind of scent is even more arousing.
"Mmn, hahh, *sniffffff*!"
It's so thick and warm that it fills my head and quickly makes me eager for more.
My cock swells, pushing against the soft flesh of her ass.
"Ahhn, it's getting bigger... Hahhn, Takumi-senpai, ahhn!"
(Huh?)
Even through the scent of her ass, I can suddenly smell her usual sweetness too.
Looking up, I notice that wet patches are forming up on the chest of her uniform.
"Lydia-chan, the real training starts here. Get ready!"
I reach my hands up to pull aside her panties, and move my cock down to directly under her pussy. I start to push up into her.
"Ahhhn! Y-Your cock, it's going inside me... Ahn!"
I force my shaft into the tightness of her entrance, and start to drive deeper and deeper into her.
"Hnngh, you're even tighter than normal..."
From the instant I enter her pussy, her tight walls start to clench around me. The warmth and wetness is powerfully enticing.
"Mmmn, ahn! Ahhn, hahhn, mmnph!"
"You know, If you moan too much, everyone's going to notice, don't you?"
"E-Even if you say that... Ahnn, y-your cock's so amazing, when you put it inside me, I can't help it... Hahhn!"
Her pussy squeezes my shaft with furious intensity as I reach deep inside her.
"Your pussy's incredible today... Are you really getting that turned on from being secretly fucked?"
"Ahn, th-that's... Mnnphh, hahh... I-I can't help myself. I can't believe I've got your cock inside me in class... Ahnn!"
Her entire body quivers with excitement when I talk dirty to her.
"It really is getting you off, isn't it? You haven't flicked the bean in class before or anything, have you?"
"..."
"Huh? Wait, seriously?"
"M-Maybe... Just once. I was just kinda turned on... Mmn, ahhhn!"
I said that as a joke, but she really has!
The embarrassment of admitting it is making her pussy squirm around my cock too!
"Tsk, masturbating in public. You really are a dirty girl, aren't you?"
I stick my hands out of the seat again, and start to play with her dripping pussy lips.
"Hahhn! W-Wait, Takumi-senpai! Ahnn, hahnnn!"
I trace a finger down their swollen plumpness, and Lydia-chan lets out a high, sweet moan.
Her pussy walls twitch around my shaft.
"Mmmn, ahnn... Ahahnn! Hahh, hahh, hnngh..."
Her entrance is overflowing with gushes of sweet love nectar, soaking my hands and her seat.
"T-Takumi-senpai, stop... Ahhn, hahhn! Mmn!"
"Tsk, this training isn't stopping for anything. I somehow get the feeling you're enjoying it, anyway."
"N-No way... Ahahhn! Mmnph, hahhn!"
In contrast to what she's saying, she's opening up her legs to let my hands have easier access.
I start to work my fingers into her slit even harder, so much that the other students might hear the squelching.
Her legs shake, and she lies on the desk panting hot, ragged breaths.
"Mmn, ahn... Hahhn, hahhhn... Mnnph!"
We're only just getting started, but it seems like she's about to cum. Seeing her like this in the middle of class is intensely arousing.
Her face is flushed bright red, and milk is dripping down onto her desk and seat.
I can't take just keeping my cock inside her anymore. I start to thrust in and out of her.
"Mmmnngh! Ahn, ahahhnn! Your cock's moving inside of me! Ahhn, hnngh, hahhhn!"
My swollen shaft slams in and out of her dripping-wet entrance.
Each time it does, her pussy walls squirm and squeeze around me and send jolts of electricity through my body.
"Ahhn! Mmngh, hahhn... Ahahhn!"
"Lydia-chan, you do know you're in the middle of class, right? Your pussy's twitching so much. If you moan like that, people will notice."
"I-I can't help it... Your cock is just so amazing... Ahnnn!"
She's desperately trying to suppress her moans, but she can't resist the sensations fizzling through her body.
The sounds she's making are growing increasingly more lustful.
It's almost like she's completely losing control, and her pussy is threatening to make me do the same.
It's growing hotter and more humid as it massages my shaft.
"Ahnn, mmnph! Hnngh, ahhn! ahahhn!"
My cock is swelling and throbbing almost agonizingly.
I drive it deep inside her and watch as Lydia-chan writhes in pleasure on her desk.
"Ahhn, your cock, it'sh sho good... Mmmn! When you fuck me like thish... It'sh too muchhh... Ahhn..."
I can see her biting her lip to try and stop herself from moaning.
She tenses up every time she has to suppress one, and her pussy squeezes my cock like a vice.
I can tell that she's starting to lose herself to the pleasure too.
Which is exactly why I suddenly stop.
"Huh? T-Takumi-senpai? D-Don't stop... Mmn, ahn... Mmnph!"
Face dyed red with embarrassment, she starts to grind her hips against her chair by herself.
Her expression, so filled with desire for my cock, is the perfect image of a succubus.
"Tsk, everyone else in the class is studying so hard, and you're here grinding your ass against your chair. You really are a pervert."
"Ahhn, don't say that... It's embarrassing... Hahhhn..."
Even as she says that, she starts to bounce up and down on my shaft.
In addition to the licentious movements of her hips, her pussy starts to massage me even harder. It feels intensely amazing.
"That's perfect, Lydia-chan, be as lewd as you want to be!"
"Ahhn, mmn! Hahh, hahhh, ahahhn!"
She's bouncing up and down on her seat while desperately trying to keep it from making a sound.
Milk is spilling out of her breasts and forming little pools on her desk. Hmm...
"Mmnph, *slurrrp*!"
"Hahhn! T-Takumi-senpai, don't suck on my nipples... Mmn, ahn!"
Lured by the sweet scent, I stick my mouth out of her chair and go all the way up to her breasts. I take one of her leaking nubs into my mouth.
"Mmn, mwah! *schlurrrppp*!"
I drink down great gulps of her milk.
The sweet, thick taste spreads through my whole mouth.
I can feel it warming up my entire body.
"Mmn, ahhn, hnngh... Ahhn, ahahhn..."
"Mmm, your milk's as delicious as it always is. *slurppp*!"
"Ahhhn, when you drink it like that... I-It makes my body feel so hot... Ahn!"
The more I suck, the more excited she becomes, and the thicker the stream becomes.
The combination of the delicious milk and the warm sensation of being covered by her ass makes me feel like a swaddled baby.
"Mommy's milk is sho tashty! Mmm, mwah, *slurrrrrp*!"
"Mmn, hahh, hahhh... Mmnph, ahn..."
(He knows they're my weak spot, and he's still playing with them... Ahn, stop, at this rate I really am going to turn into a pervert! Ahahhn!)
Every time I suck, her pussy clenches and squirms around my shaft. Once again, I feel the need to take her.
I start to thrust into her tightness again.
"Ahhhn, you're moving again! Mmn, ahn, ahnn, hahhhn!"
My cock is swelling up even more from the taste of her milk, and I slam it into her again and again as I suck.
"Ahn, mmnph! Hahh, hahhn! Hyahhhn!"
"Lydia-chan, I know you can be even more lewd than this, I know you can become even tighter!"
"Mmmngh! Ahhn, ahhhnnn!"
She bounces on my cock in rhythm with me, and her pussy walls lustfully grasp around my dick.
I suck on her nipples as hard as I can, feeling her breasts quiver and jiggle with pleasure.
"Mmn, mwah, *schlllurrrrrp*!"
"Ahhhn! Hahhhn, ahn, ahnn!"
She moans and bucks against the desk as she loses herself in pleasure.
Seeing her like this only serves to inflame my desires, and I can feel my body burning white-hot.
"Ahahhn, more! Deeper! Mmmn, mmmph, hahhn!"
"If that's what you want, you'll get it!"
I plunge my cock up into the very deepest parts of her pussy, kissing the entrance to her womb with every thrust.
Each time it does, I feel her jolt and quiver, and it sends a fizzle of pleasure through my own body.
"Ahhn, hnngh! Hahh, hahhn... Mmnn!"
The love nectar spurting out of her entrance feels as thick and sticky as honey. As it coats the seat of her chair, I feel it coating me too.
"Mmnph! It's getting even bigger again!"
Her expression is utterly ecstatic, the face of a true cock-loving succubus.
I can tell just how much she's burning with arousal by how hot her thighs are and how streaked with sweat her seat has become.
"God, everything about your thighs, your ass, your pussy, is perfect! I can't hold back any more!"
"M-Me neither! Mmmn, ahn, ahhnnn! I-I'm cumming! Hahhn!"
I slam my cock into her with every ounce of strength I have, feeling her entire body starting to quiver and writhe.
Her pussy is squeezing my cock with such intensity that I'm unable to control myself. All I can do is ram my cock into her.
"Ahahh, I'm cumming, I'm cummminggg!"
"Mmmnn! Mmn, hnnngh, mmnnphhh!"
My cock erupts and paints the entrance to her womb white.
Lydia-chan's body shakes with an intense orgasm, and she has to cover her mouth to hold back her screams.
I can tell from the feverish squirming of her pussy just how powerfully she's cumming.
"Hnngh, it's so tight. You're incredible, Lydia-chan... Hnngh!"
Her face is etched with both embarrassment and ecstasy from secretly being came inside during class.
Huge gushes of milk squirt from her nipples as she cums, and I struggle to swallow it all down before it spills on the classroom floor.
It coats my throat in thick sweetness... Succubus milk is really something else!
"Mmngh, i-it's still filling me up... Mmnph, ahn, d-don't suck on my breasts so hard... Mnnph, mmnn!"
The more I drink, the more aroused I become, and the more I keep pouring jet after jet of cum into her pussy.
Its walls clench and massage me as if trying to wring out every drop.
"Ahhn, it feels so good being filled with your cum, Takumi-senpai! Give me more!"
She pleads with me, her eyes swimming with pleasure.
"There's plenty more where that came from!"
Faced with as cute and sexy a request as that, my cock has no intention of stopping its messy onslaught inside her.
When I am finally spent, it's still rock hard inside of her.
"Takumi-senpai... Umm... P-Please... One more time! Mmmn!"
Lydia-chan is still quivering with desire, and she starts to bounce her hips up and down in her seat again before I can even reply.
"Oh, gladly!"
I immediately start to drive my cock up into her.
"Mmn, ahn... Hnngh, mmn, it's stirring around inside me! Hahhn!"
Even though we've only just came, we instantly start to fuck like wild beasts.
"I-I'm... Mmn, mmnn! Ahhn!"
Cumming once has obviously released any inhibitions Lydia-chan had. She's now slamming her hips against the chair.
Each time her ass hits the seat, I feel its hot, sweat-streaked softness all over my body.
"Mmn, hnngh... Hahhn... Mmmnph!"
She's trying her best to stifle her moans, but they're starting to leak out.
Yet she hardly seems embarrassed at all. In fact, her pussy only seems to be growing hungrier for my cum.
"Lydia-chan, this feels amazing..."
Nothing feels better than when she takes the initiative to start the second round!
If she keeps attacking me with this succubus pussy, she might just turn me into a dried-up husk!
"Hnnghhh!"
It feels so good that it's almost too much for my still-sensitive cock.
I can feel myself already being pushed close to my limit.
"Mmn, ahhn, ahahhn! Hah, mmngh!"
I don't know if she realizes that, but it seems like she's deliberately bouncing and grinding against me with more and more hunger.
Faced with such an overwhelming onslaught, I just can't hold back.
"Mmn, your cock is swelling up... Are you going to cum again? Are you going to shoot your cum into my pussy?"
"Y-Yeah, I can't stop myself... I'm already cumming again!"
"Good, good, cum in my pussy again! Mmmn, pour it into my womb... Mmmnph!"
Her inner walls massage me feverishly, urging me to cum.
I drive my cock inside her with all the strength I have left, feeling my entire body rocked by waves of pleasure.
"Ahnn,mmn... Hahh, hahhn... Ahahhn!"
Her pussy is clenching me so tightly that I have to force my way in with every thrust.
The milk leaking from her breasts is like an aphrodisiac, and I greedily gulp it all down.
It's not just her excitement that's become even stronger after cumming once, it's everything about her.
"Your milk is so sweet! It's the most delicious thing ever!"
I drink it down and down, growing more and more wild and unrestrained with each mouthful, until eventually I can take no more.
"I'm cumming, Lydia-chan, I'm cumming!"
I keep thrusting into her until I feel the pressure inside me build to boiling point, then I plunge my cock into her down to the hilt.
"Mmmn! Yes, there it is! Your hot, thick cum is shooting inside me! Mmnn, hahhn!"
My cock erupts again with a stream of cum just as thick and powerful as the first time.
It pours inside her and fills her up so much that I can see her belly swelling up.
"Ahhn... Mnngh, hahh, hahhn... Mmmnph!"
"Lydia-chan, there's still more coming... Hnngh!"
My cock is still pulsing even though her pussy is entirely full, and cum starts to spurt from her twitching entrance.
It spills out onto the seat and mixes with her overflowing love nectar flowing in rivulets down her thighs.
"Hahh, hahh... I'm so full up... And so wet... And everyone's going to notice!"
Her body quivers from the sensation of my cum spilling out of her, and she moans sweet, quiet moans.
But still my cock won't stop, every pulse making another gush of obscene white liquid spill out onto the chair and drip onto the floor.
"Lydia-chan, your pussy is the best!"
I lose count of the amount of jets of cum I poured inside her greedy succubus pussy.
"Hahhn, I'm so full up... I'm so happy, mmn..."
She slumps on her desk, an expression of pure, absolute bliss on her face, and bathes in the afterglow...
"Honestly, Takumi-senpai! We shouldn't be training in class!"
"It felt good though, didn't it? Sex in class is more fun than masturbation in class, right?"
"W-Well... Of course it felt good, and it was really exciting, but... It was still a bad idea!"
"Okay, I'm sorry. You managed to get through it without getting caught  though, so I think that makes today a success."
"U-Umm, well, in that case, I think I deserve a reward for trying so hard, don't I?"
"Oh, you're getting greedy, you know?"
I go to lean in and plant a kiss on her lips...
"Mmmn, mwah! *slurrp*! Mwahhh, hahhn!"
...Except she jumps on me first, and makes the first move.
She grabs hold of me, and forces me to the ground.
"You know, sometimes, I do want to show you just what a succubus can really do... Hehe!"
She stares into my eyes with the look of a predator who has caught her prey. It sends a shiver down my spine.
Thanks to her kiss, my cock is already so stiff in my pants you'd never think we'd only just finished training.
Succubi really are fearsome...
After that, I gave Lydia-chan plenty of "rewards," straight into her womb... Or maybe it'd be more accurate to say she "took" them.
