アナウンス
リディア
炎厨矢
"Mmn, mwah! Hahhn, wh-where are we!? There's so many people... Ahhn!"
She opens her eyes, and is startled at the strange scene before her.
"Don't worry, this is just an imaginary world created by my magic."
My own world was on the brink of creating realistic hologram technology, but magic really is a cut above.
Everything around us feels as though we can actually touch and move it.
"This kind of thing is quite common in my world."
You'd think this was the local train service heading through central Tokyo, even...
In reality, we're still in the art room, but it looks exactly like the inside of a busy commuter route's carriage.
"Th-That man over there is looking at us, Takumi-senpai... Mmn!"
"Well, of course he is. You get on a train dressed like that, and men are going to be staring at you the whole time."
Her succubus outfit accentuates every part of her already perfectly-curvy, voluptuous body.
It's the kind of thing I wouldn't be surprised to see in my world at a special photoshoot with a cutie surrounded by kneeling "photographers."
(I should have known my Ero-Magic would come up with this... I am awesome, after all.)
"Th-This is kind of embarrassing... Everyone is staring at me..."
Every single imaginary "man" on the train is looking her up and down.
"Hmm, well, that is a problem. It'll probably be even more embarrassing when I rub my cock against your ass when I start kissing you, won't it?"
"But if you're going to be a proper nympho, it kinda has to happen, doesn't it?"
"D-Don't call me that..."
"I'm terribly sorry, Little Miss Succubus. I'll fondle your tits a little as an apology."
I grab them and knead them by way of said "apology."
(H-He's trying so hard to help me... So I really do need to become a "nympho!")
I can feel her resolution through the way she eagerly presses her plump ass against my bulge.
"Good girl. Let's get started..."
"O-Okay! Mmn, mwah! Hahh, *slurrrp*..."
She eagerly presses her lips to mine, and forces her tongue into my mouth.
"Mmmn! Hahhn, *slurp*... Mwah! Mnnnph! Ahhn, *slurp* ahnn!"
After days of training, her kisses have taken on an irresistible eroticism.
Her tongue is swirling and tangling with mine, completely overpowering it.
Right from the start, she's mixing her spit with mine and aggressively pressing into my mouth.
(I think she could destroy my dick just with her kisses already... I wish I could do this forever!)
I grab ahold of her clothes, and expose her huge, bouncing tits.
"Mmmmnn! Mmn, *mwah*... Hahh... *schlurrrpp*!"
I tease her nipples as I kiss her, and she moans hot, dirty moans into my mouth.
She's already grinding her ass against me. Do I even need to train this girl to be an erotic nympho anymore?
(Her expression is still so cute and innocent, but the way she's moving her body is like a true succubus!)
Lydia-chan slowly reaches out to my crotch... And then suddenly pulls down my zipper and pulls out my cock in one smooth move.
"Y-Your cock's already so big... It's so hot. Mmmn, hahhnn..."
Staring at my erection, she starts to grind her ass against it.
She rubs it up and down between her soft cheeks.
"Man... Your ass almost feels as good as your pussy, Lydia-chan!"
Her skin is so soft and elastic that it's like it's sucking my cock in.
My shaft is twitching and throbbing with the sensation.
"Ahn, I can feel it rubbing against my butt... Hehe, your cock's raring to go today, isn't it?"
She's looking at it with an expression of such happiness—no, not happiness, utter predatory hunger, that honestly I'm a little scared.
(She really is a succubus among succubi... She's going to suck me dry!)
The train sways as it goes forward. Each time the train lurches she squeezes her ass around my shaft.
"Holy fu—!"
I push my cock even harder between her plump cheeks.
I'm already leaking pre-cum, turning her ass into a slick, squelchy crevice.
"Mm, mmn... Hahhhn... Ahn!"
She lets out sweet, sultry moans as she rubs against me.
Her movements get even more daring and lewd, pressing her ass against me.
It feels like her whole body is glowing red hot from the sensation of my pre-cum covering her skin.
"I've never seen an ass this perverted, Lydia-chan!"
"Hehe, your cock is already swelling up so much... Mmn, it's kind of cute, hahhn!"
As she envelops my shaft in her softness, she reaches around to force her lips to mine.
"Mmmn! Mwah, hahhhn... Haah, *slurp*! Haahn, mwaahhhhh!"
She swirls her tongue around mine, twirling around it with an obscene strength.
"Mmmmn, mwah! *schlurp*! Mwah, mmgh, *schlurrp*!"
She kisses me so deeply that we're left breathless. When she finally releases me, she presses her crotch against mine with licentious hunger.
There's still the slightest hint of hesitation in her movements, though. It's as if she's dying to say something to me.
"You don't have to worry about getting my consent for anything you do today. So if you have anything in mind...?"
She stands before me, breath ragged, and slowly starts to undo the zipper on the front of her outfit.
"Well... I'd really like to make you feel good with this...!"
She suddenly presses her hips against mine, and rubs her hot, wet pussy lips against my shaft.
"Ahn, it's so hot... I can feel it throbbing in my hands! Ahhn!"
I can tell just teasing her ass is not enough for her anymore. I start to dig the tip of my cock into her slit.
Her entrance is already leaking an obscene amount of love nectar, making my shaft incredibly slippery.
"Hahhn... Mmm, h-how does it feel? Is it good? Ahn, mmmnn!"
She smiles mischievously while stroking her bare slit against me.
"It feels amazing, Lydia-chan. Your pussy is so wet and slippery... I want more!"
She giggles and eagerly starts to press against me even harder.
"Mmmn, mmm! Hahhhn... Ahhn, mmn!"
My cock is slick with her juices from tip to base. Her every movement fills the room with obscene, wet sounds.
"Mmn! Ahn, mmmn! Ahahhn! Hahhhn!"
The pleasure obviously isn't all mine, considering her adorable little moans.
(Huh? There's something warm touching my fingers...)
I look down, and see that my hands are covered in milk spilling from her inverted nipples.
I give them a little pinch, and tiny spurts shoot out of them.
"Ahhhn, Takumi-senpai... D-Don't do that... I'm supposed to be the one teasing you..."
She shudders, almost as if electricity is coursing through her body.
"Ah, sorry... Your milk just looks so delicious, I couldn't help myself."
"Th-That's fine, but stop playing with them... Ahhhn! Ahahhn!"
(I wish I should, but these cute, near-hidden little milk dispensers are kind of addictive... I can't help but want to drink it all down!)
My lack of desire to stop is evident. Lydia-chan counter-attacks by grinding her slit against me even more.
"God, that feels so good...!"
"Hehe, This is only the start, Takumi-senpai... Mmmnph!"
She suddenly forces her lips against mine.
"Mmm, mwah! Hahh, mmnph! Mwah, *slurpp*... Mwahhhh!"
"Mmnnngh!"
Her tongue twirls powerfully around mine, making my whole body quiver. I instinctively rock my shaft against her slit.
"Mmmn, mwah! Hahh, *slurrrp*! Mmmn, mwah, mmnnn!"
The love juices leaking from her entrance are making my cock wet and steamy.
It throbs and pulses, teasing the folds of her pussy lips.
"Mnnngh! Mmn, mwah! Hahh, *slurrp*! Mmmnn!"
Her body is bucking and squirming as she rubs my shaft between her thighs.
I can tell that she's on the verge of cumming already, and so am I.
"Mmn, mwah... I-I don't think I can hold back much more... Ahhhn! Ahahhhn!"
Realizing this, Lydia-chan stops moving and tries to push my cock into her entrance. But it's so slippery that she's struggling to get it in.
"Takumi-senpai, please... I need more... I want your cock inside me!"
She moans pleadingly. She's so cute when she's desperately desiring me like this.
"Hmm, well, if you're going to beg me like that..."
"AHAHHHHN! I-If you shove it in all the way so suddenly, I'll— Mmn! Hahhn! Ahahhn!"
I instantly start thrusting into her from behind.
I can't quite believe how dripping wet she is. She's spurting out sweet gushes of love nectar with every stroke.
"You're soaked down here, Lydia-chan. Does being watched by so many people excite you?"
"Ahhn, d-don't ask me that... Put anyone in this situation, and they'd— Ahhnn!"
"You're right, anyone would be turned on by this. I sure as hell am!"
It's amazing to think I'm taking a girl from behind in front of a crowd of people on a train, even if this is just imaginary.
It's not even embarrassing in the slightest. In fact, it's a real turn-on to show off how I get to have sex with this cute succubus!
"So let's give them a good show! Let them see how a real succubus hunts!"
I push my cock as deep inside of her as I can.
"Mmn! Ahn, mmmn! Ahahhn! Mmmnph!"
With every thrust, her pussy walls squeeze around my shaft with a fiery hot intensity.
I drive into her again and again, waves of pleasure rocking through me each time.
"Mmmn, ahhn! Ahhn, ahhhnnn! Mn, hahhn! Ahnn!"
It almost feels like her succubus insides are massaging and wringing out my shaft.
"Mmn, take it all!"
I slam into her down to the hilt, feeling her pussy squeeze around me.
"Hnnngh! Ahn, hahhn! It's so deep inside me... It feels so hot... It's even better than it was the last time! Ahnn, it's twitching so much!"
"That's because I'm being attacked by a succubus as cute as you, and with a pussy as amazing as this, Lydia-chan!"
Being on the attack seems to have awoken her natural succubus instincts, and the tightness of her pussy is even more incredible as a result.
"Mmn... I-I want it even harder, Takumi-senpai! Ahhn! Hahhnnn!"
"Well, you're the one attacking me! Do whatever you want!"
"Mmn, ahhhn! Ahnn, ahahhnn!"
She drives her plump ass back against me. The swinging of her hips is so furious and desperate that I can tell just how much she needs this.
"Mmmn, ahnn! Hahhn, mmn, ahahhn! Mmmnph!"
I can tell this isn't the easiest position for her to take the lead in.
And yet she's giving it everything she has to make it feel good for both of us.
(If she wants it so much, I'll give it to her!)
I start to match her rhythm.
"Ahahhnn! Ahn, ahhn! Mmn, ahnn, hnnngh!"
Her pussy clenches tightly around my shaft. It's so hot I think I might melt.
"Mmmngh, your cock is swelling up even more! Ahhn, mmnph! A-Are you— Mmnn!"
She looks into my eyes with the most seductive of gazes as she realizes how close to my limit I am.
She slams her hips back against me even harder, as if she realized where my weak point is. The sensation is so intense I can't hold back.
"Hnngh, Lydia-chan!"
I feel the pressure welling up inside of me.
"Ahhn, yes! Pour your cum inside me! Hahhn, give me my reward! Ahn, ahhn, hahhnnn!!"
"You bet I will! Hnngh, I'm cumming!"
"Ahhhn! I can feel it! Ahnn, it's so hot inside of me! Hyahhhn!"
Finally losing control, I start to let out a torrent of hot cum inside her.
I paint the entrance to her womb white, filling her up with thick, sticky liquid.
"Mmmnph, ahhhn! Ahhn, ahahhhn! Mmnph, ahhn, nnngh!"
She arches her back in pleasure as the hot stream flows into her.
Milk spurts in great arcs through the air, and fills the train with its sweet scent.
Her pussy walls cling to my cock as if trying to control its wild throbbing.
"Hnngh... I'm still cumming!"
My shaft pulses and throbs, letting out the seemingly infinite depths of lust from inside me.
"I-It's still filling me up... Ahhn, you're really getting too turned on! Ahhn! Ahahhhnn!"
"That's because I'm being attacked by a succubus like you! Hnngh!"
Cum starts to spill out into sticky puddles on the train floor, overflowing from her pussy.
Lydia-chan's tongue is lolling out, and her own drool and love nectar drips down to mix with it.
"Hahh, hahh... Man..."
Her pussy walls keep squeezing and massaging my cock, wringing out every drop I have.
"Lydia-chan... C-Could I rest up for a second?"
"N-No way... I want more of your cum. I still haven't had enough..."
When I'm finally spent, Lydia-chan suddenly starts to move her hips again without even a moment to enjoy the afterglow.
"W-Wait a second, if you start moving again now..."
"Please, Takumi-senpai! I need your cock! Mmmn!"
She's blushing with embarrassment, but her expression is filled with uncontrollable desire.
"Well, if you want it so much, I'll have to go all out!"
I put my arms around her waist and pull her back into one of the seats.
I pull apart her legs.
"W-Wait... In this position, everyone can see, umm... your cock going inside of me..."
"Fun, right? We're going to show everyone all of your sexiest parts!"
I thrust my hips up, and plunge even deeper into her pussy than I could standing up.
"Mmn, ahhn! Hahhhn, ahnn! Hahhhn!"
Her moans are even more cute and erotic than before.
"Wow, you're getting even tighter. Do you like riding me like this?"
"Mmn, ahhnnn! Ahn, ahahhhnn!"
She can't do anything but nod furiously and moan.
It's so cute that I unconsciously start to drive harder and harder into her, stirring her pussy into a squelchy mess of cum and nectar.
"Well, I've not even hit my stride yet!"
"AHHN! Y-Your cock alone would be enough, but... M-My breasts too? Ahnn, no! Hahhhhn!"
She writhes in my arms as I start to fondle her boobs as I thrust.
I squeeze them hard in my hands and sink my fingers into their soft flesh.
"I thought everyone would like to get a view of your shy little nipples too."
They're standing deliciously erect, almost begging to be played with.
I pinch one hard between my fingertips, lifting and stretching her jiggling breast.
I slide my other hand down her body to grind against her clit.
I want to play with every part of her, to make her feel as good as possible.
"Mmm, you're leaking so much milk and love juices all over the place, Lydia-chan. It's so dirty."
"Ahhn, d-don't say that... It's so embarrassing, I can't take it... Hahhhnnn!"
Even in an imaginary space like this, I guess it's not easy to have your pussy exposed to the whole world.
But I can tell from the flood of love nectar pooling on the seat that all her embarrassment is being turned into pure pleasure.
"Attention passengers, this train is about to change to another track. It may shake, so please be careful."
"Huh?"
For some reason, the train begins to speed up, and I can hear the "ker-chunks" of the wheels on the tracks get more frequent.
Suddenly, with a great "thunk!" the carriage shakes from side to side.
Sensing my moment, I slam my cock up so deep into Lydia-chan that it kisses the entrance to her womb.
"AHHNNNNGHH! Ahn, ahhnn! Hahhn, hahhnnn! Mmmnggh!"
I match my thrusts with the rhythm of the train's swaying.
"Mmmn, ahhn! Hahhn, ahn, ahnn! Mmmnn!"
Her moans quicken in time with me, until they're almost unending.
The noise of the train is matched by the wet, obscene sounds of our hips slapping together.
"Ahn, ahnnn! Y-You've never been this rough with me before! I-I don't think I can take it much longer! Ahhhn, ahahn!"
Lydia-chan seems like she's in a trance, thinking of nothing but bouncing on me and letting me do whatever I want with her.
"We will now be heading into a high-speed section and the train may shake. Please take care."
That announcement is music to my ears.
"Think you can take even more, Lydia-chan?"
"Huh!? W-Wait, if you get any rougher, I'll—"
Before she can even answer, the train starts to shake even more.
"Mmn, ahn, ahahhn! Mmnph! Ahahhnn! AHAHHNN!"
My thrusts speed up again in time with the vibrations of the train, and my cock slams into the entrance to her womb with every shake of the train car.
Her legs go stiff and shudder with every hit, and she writhes on top of me.
"It looks like that feels good... Well, I'm just getting started."
I start once again to roughly pull on her nipples and grind her clit between my fingertips.
"Ahhhn! No, no, it's too much! You're really going to break me! HAHHHHNNN!"
Her moans are so intoxicating I can't even hear the train anymore.
Her body is twitching and bucking so much that it's like she really is going to completely break down.
Her pussy is gripping my cock with furious intensity, wringing it out as if begging for my cum.
"Hnngh... Lydia-chan, I'm gonna cum again!"
The sudden vicious grip pushes me instantly to my limit.
"I'm going to cum too! I want to cum with you! Ahhn, please, let's cum together! Mmn, ahahn! Hahhhhhnn!"
Even if I wanted to hold back, I wouldn't be able too. This greedy succubus pussy wouldn't let me.
"I'm gonna cum! I'll fill you up again!"
"Ahhhn, I can't take it anymore! Hahhn, I feel like I might pass out! Ahhn, ahnnn, I'm cumminnngggg!"
As I feel the pressure inside me build until it's completely unstoppable, I press the tip of my cock hard to the entrance to her womb.
"Ahahhhnnnn! Ahhn, ahahn, I'm cumming! HAHHHHNN!"
My vision goes blurry and my mind goes blank with the strength of the pleasure that bursts through me.
"Ahahhhn! Ahn, ahnnnn! Mmnngh! Hnngh! Ahhhn!"
Lydia-chan's expression is filled with ecstasy as my cock erupts into her cumming pussy.
Her entire body quakes with bliss, her legs tense up, and her feet point straight into the air.
A fountain of love nectar sprays from her pussy, and milk squirts out of her nipples in thick torrents.
"Ahhn, you're still thrusting even when we're both cumming! Ahahhnnn!"
"I-I just can't stop thrusting! Hnngh!"
Just as the train keeps on swaying, I keep on driving my cock deep inside her.
"Hnngh, I don't want to stop!"
My cock is still pulsing jet after jet of thick cum against the entrance to her womb.
"Ahhhhn! There's just so much! Hahhhhn! I can't handle having this much inside me! Ahahhnn!"
Completely filled up, cum starts to spurt out from the place where we're joined.
I keep thrusting and pulsing, pouring out a flood that drips down onto the carriage floor.
"T-Takumi-senpai... S-Stop... My pussy's so sensitive right now... Ahhn, ahahhn! Hnngh, AHNNNN!"
Lydia-chan writhes on top of me in agonizing ecstasy as orgasm after orgasm washes over her.
The train shakes again as if teasing her.
"But if the train isn't stopping... Then neither can I!"
She throws her head back and moans, and her pussy twitches and squirms around my shaft.
I throw my own head back too, and my thrusts become so wild that my cock slips from her entrance.
"AHHHHHNNN! It's spraying all over me! Hahh, it's so hot... I'm covered in your cum inside and out... It feels so gooooddd...!"
My still-pulsing cock paints her fair skin even more white.
"Mmnn, hahhhn, mmmmm!"
Milk spurts from her nipples, and mixes with my cum to fill the carriage with the obscene scent of sex.
Her pussy is still overflowing with thick squelching cum and gushing love juices.
"Lydia-chan, turn around."
I can't resist but grab her and plant my lips on hers.
"Mmmnph! Mwah, mmn! *slurp*! Mwah!"
I twirl my tongue with mine inside her mouth, trading every last drop of lust with her.
I grab her breast in my hand and fondle it, feeling her nipple coat it in milk.
"Mmmn! Mwah, *schlurp*! Mmmph! Mwah, *schhlurrp*!"
After sticking my tongue as deep into her mouth as I can, we finally part lips.
"Mwah! Hahh, hahh... I'm finally done..."
As my cock finally stops spurting, the train too comes to a stop.
"Hahh, hahh... That was the roughest you've ever been. It was so amazing... Mmmm, my pussy's still so full of your cum!"
As she bathes in the afterglow, her entire body seems to be shining pink.
"Any man would end up like that if they were attacked by a cute succubus like you, Lydia-chan. I don't think I'll be able to move tomorrow."
I feel like I've been drained in body, mind, and cock.
All I can feel is a pleasant tiredness, and the satisfaction of having covered Lydia-chan in my colors.
"Hehe, I'm so happy..."
Being came inside so much has left her in utter bliss.
I have to admit that I'm a little afraid of really getting addicted to being drained by a succubus like this.
My mind is so full of thoughts of her that even after cumming that much, thinking about her makes my body start to heat up again.
"End of the line, end of the line... Thank you for choosing Shinkansensual, we hope you'll ride on us again soon. "
"Hahh, hahh... Thank you so much, Takumi-senpai. I think I can become a really good succubus with your help. But what I really want is to be your personal succubus. ♪"
Lydia-chan is staring at my lips with glimmering eyes.
"I-I think you're already a wonderful succubus, to be honest... Wait, my what—"
She suddenly draws close to me, and presses her soft lips to mine.
"Mmn! Mwah... Mmmnph, mwah!"
It's not the kind of voracious kiss she was giving me before. It's warm, and full of love.
"My personal succubus? You mean...? Well, I-I could see myself getting behind that..."
Raising my own personal succubus, for me and me alone... What an incredible idea!
"Hehe, then make sure to teach me all kinds of things, Takumi-senpai! Mwah! ♪"
And with that kiss, our pact is sealed!
