ジルダ
炎厨矢
For a second, everything goes white.
When I can see again, I suddenly find myself staring down at Gildas wrapped up in her own whip, with her legs spread.
"Wh-What the hell is this!? What did you do to me!?"
The whip is digging into her slit through the fabric of her clothes.
"Hnngh... What? I can't untie myself... Ahhh, it's too tight! Hahhhn!?"
The more she tries to escape the winding whip, the more it digs into her most sensitive spots. Her moans start to grow higher.
"Hmm, where did all that spirit go? Not getting used to being in this position, are you?"
The puffy pink nipples of her exposed breasts are standing to attention.
It's like they're crying out for me to touch them, and I gladly oblige.
"Mmn! Ahn, ahnn! Ahahn! Ahn, hyaahhn!"
I roughly squeeze and fondle her breasts in rhythm with the constriction of the whip.
They're soft and pliant like marshmallows, and so pillowy my fingers sink into them.
Knowing that she's completely unable to move, I happily lose myself in enjoying their softness much as possible.
"Ahahhn! S-Stop! D-Don't? Mmn! G-Get off me! Ahahhnnn!"
I knead her boobs like a baker working a big, fluffy ball of dough.
"Ahhn! Mmnph! Ahnn, ahahhn, ahnnn!"
She desperately writhes within the whip's grasp as if trying to escape, but her moans are slowly growing more and more tinged with pleasure.
Her nipples, too, are growing even stiffer against my palms as I rub against them.
"Hmm, for someone struggling as much as you are, these boobs of yours already seem to have surrendered to me."
I roughly squeeze one of her breasts, and then flick her nipple as it jiggles.
"Ahhn, n-no, stop! Ahhn, n-not my nipples, they'll... Ahnn! Hahhhn!"
"These are some lovely little rubies you've got here. I should have expected as much of a bandit. They're so smooth, but they're rock hard too."
Every time I tweak them, she lets out a high, mellifluous moan.
As much as she fights her restraints, moaning is all she can really do at this moment.
"Hmm, I almost forgot. Where are you hiding that treasure you took? If I don't find it, I'm getting nothing out of this, apart from the obvious."
"H-Hmph... Y-You really think I'll tell you that?"
"Tsk, still going to take that tone with me? Well, I guess I have no choice but to try a little... interrogation, then."
I grip one of her nipples between my fingertips, and start to pull.
"Hnngh! S-Stop! Ahhhn! It hurts! Ahhn, hahhhnnn!"
I tweak it with such force that it's hardly foreplay anymore, and closer to torture.
"If you don't tell me soon, I'm not going to stop here, you know?"
"Hnngh, I-I'll never tell? Mmnnph! Mn, ahnnn!"
"I feel like you don't know much about men, so let me tell you something: The more a girl tries to resist, the more joy we take in teasing you."
Every time she struggles against the restraints, I tweak her nipple and pull it just a little harder.
"Ahahhnnnn! Ahnn, ahn! Mmnph, hyaahhhnnn!"
Despite my interrogation, she seems determined not to talk. That doesn't bother me, however—it just means I'll get to enjoy this for longer.
I start to fondle her breasts again, filling my palms with her softness.
"Do you like that? Does it make you want to talk a little more?"
The only answers she can manage are those same alluring moans.
I'm very much happy to hear them, but they're not going to help me finish this quest.
I guess I'll have to step this up a level, and enjoy her breasts... Err, I mean, intensify my interrogation even more.
"Ahhhn! Mmnph, ahn! Ahhn, hahhhnnn!"
As much as she's trying to hide it, the pleasure she's feeling is growing more and more obvious.
Her body is starting to quiver with every touch. If I'm not careful, she'll cum before I've even got the info out of her.
(Well... I suppose that wouldn't be so bad!)
Who cares about the quest? Well, I probably should, but I'm here to enjoy myself in this world, baby. I'm not letting a chance like this go!
"Ahahhnnn! Ahnn, ahn! Mmnph, ahahhnn!"
As I keep making her body buck and writhe with my teasing, something suddenly falls out of her cowl.
"Huh? What's this?"
"Ah! The Goddess'? Gah!"
"Heh, so you had it all along, did you? Hmm, let's see what this treasure actually is, anyway... Huh!?"
I'd wondered what kind of treasure the "Goddess' Tear" could possibly be, but, well, I hadn't quite expected this.
The moment I touch it, it lights up as if switched on, and begins to... wobble?
Okay. I don't know how else to put it, but it's... it's just a really gaudy vibrator.
I suppose Silvia-san did say something about it being an offering to the fertility goddess, but still...
(I don't think I've ever seen a jewel-encrusted vibe before. This world's full of surprises.)
I'd naturally assumed the "Tear" would be teardrop-shaped, but I've never cried a teardrop this long.
And my tears have certainly never had a head that jiggles quite like this one.
"Well, I guess that's the quest cleared... I think I've got time to, ahem, grind for a little more experience, though."
No point picking up a treasure like this and not trying it out, right?
"Huh? Ahn, Ahahhn! D-Don't press it against my boob? Ahahhn! HAHHHNN!"
Still fondling her, I hold the vibrator to her nipple with my other hand. Just the slightest touch makes a little jet of white liquid spurt out.
"Oooh... That's quite a lot you're leaking, there."
"Wh-Why is there milk...? Ahn, ahnnn! Mmnph, hahhhn!"
She's so shocked that I can tell it's the first time she's ever lactated.
This must mean... this treasure has the ability to make the women it touches even more horny!
(So this is the Goddess' power? Praise be, what a wonderful goddess! I can understand why all the villagers worship her now!)
"Hmm, I wonder if even more will come out if I do it again..."
Grinning like a curious child, I tease her nipple with it again.
"Hnngh, ahn! Hahhn! Ahhn, ahn, hahhhnnn!"
As expected, milk shoots out like a little white fountain and splashes on the head of the vibrator.
"Hmm, and this boob's probably going to react the same way, right?"
I press it to the nipple of the breast that my other hand is fondling, and the same thick liquid spurt leaks out.
It sprays out with enough force to splash against my clothes, leaving the sweet scent of milk in my nostrils.
I lick it off my fingers, and feel the taste spread through me.
"Mmm, I knew you'd be the kind of girl whose first milk would be sweet and delicious, Little Miss Bandit."
"Wh-What are you... Ahnn! There's no way it's... Ahn, ahahnnn!"
"Oh, come on. Of course it's delicious. It'd be a shame to waste this chance, so why don't you have a taste too?"
I shove the milk-coated tip of the vibrator between her lips.
"Mmmnph!? D-Don't, it's too big? Mmnph, mmmngh!"
I start to pump it in and out of her mouth as she struggles to wrap her lips around it.
The milk on its tip is soon replaced with a thick coating of her glistening drool.
I push it deeper into her mouth, all the way to her throat.
"So, how does your own milk taste?"
"Hahh, hahh! I-I don't even know what it tastes like... Hahh, you're so rough, just using me how you want to... Mmnph!"
"You like it though, don't you? Look, you're soaking wet down here."
The whip digging into her pussy lips is so slick with her juices it's almost like she's wet herself.
"So, now that your pussy has tasted your milk and your drool, I think it's time to give it a little sample of this here Goddess' Tear."
"W-Wait! Anywhere but there!"
I completely ignore her, and press my bejewelled little friend to her exposed crotch.
"AHHHHNNNN! Ahn, ahnn! Mmnph, ahhhnnn!"
The moment it grazes her clit, her back arches and her hips buck.
It seems having the whip grinding against her slit this whole time has made her achingly sensitive. Naturally, I take full advantage of this.
"Wh-What was that!? I-It felt like electricity... I've never felt? Ahn! Mmn, ahn, ahahhnn!"
She shudders and writhes within her restraints, moaning shamelessly.
Phew, if she already feels this good, she must be a proper dirty pervert.
(Hmm, a girl like that isn't going to be satisfied with just a little touch, is she?)
I start to rub the length of the studded, bejewelled vibrator up and down her slit.
Her pussy gushes and splutters thick streams of love nectar as it feels the bumps and curves of the vibe hitting it.
"Wow, you're getting soaked down there. Heh, I'm guessing you must be the kind of girl that flicks the bean all the time, right?"
"I-I don't know what you're talking about! Ahnn! Ahnn, mmnph! Ahahhnn!"
"Don't try and hide it from me! 'fess up!"
I start to interrogate her like some kind of pervy cop as I mercilessly tease her with the Goddess' treasure.
"Mmnnnn! Ahn, ahhnn! Ahahhn! Hyahhnn!"
She's not exactly the most articulate of suspects right now, though—in fact, all she can do is moan as the pleasure assaults her.
That doesn't stop me from grinding the vibrator against her slit, however.
"I'm not stopping until you tell me the truth, you know?"
"Ahhn, o-okay! I-I'll tell you, so...! I-I, umm, I've done it once... Ahnn!"
"Pssh, what do you take me for? There's no way a girl with a pussy as needy as yours has only masturbated once!"
I stop moving the vibrator, but Gildas' hips keep thrusting eagerly against its length.
(Tsk, does she really think she can lie to me like this?)
Her body's honest, at least, but that's not enough for me.
She clearly wants to be teased even more. So if she wants that...
"Tsk. I'm not going to start moving again until you tell me the truth."
"N-No way... Please...! My pussy's tingling so much, it feels like I'm going to go crazy!"
"Then you know what you have to do if you want me to help you with that, right?"
Her face flushes red with a mix of shame and excitement as she gulps and hesitantly starts to speak.
"I, well... I do it... every day..."
"Hmm, what was that? I can't quite hear you."
"I-I said I do it every day! If I've got nothing better to do, more than once! I love masturbating!"
And with that, it seems like she's completely lost to the power of the "Goddess' Tear."
(Damn, this thing's good! It even got a confession out of a strong-willed girl like her!)
I feel a great sense of gratitude welling up inside of me... Or maybe just a throbbing erection. I have trouble telling the difference...
Whatever the feeling is, the resulting Ero-Magic surge turns the vibrator up suddenly up to maximum.
Without any further hesitation, I grind the buzzing treasure against her eagerly-awaiting pussy.
"AHHHNNN! Yes! Yesss! My pussy feels so incredible!"
Great spurts of love nectar come splishing out of her slit, pattering onto the grass as they're scattered by the vibrator's movement.
She lets out what are more like screams than moans, quivering and writhing as she shamelessly lets the pleasure take over her.
"Now that's the kind of honesty I like to see. It's a shame it seems like your pussy's already almost at its limit."
I can tell just from looking at her overflowing juices that she is coming close to the edge.
"Ahhhnnn! I can't help it, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Ahhn, don't look! I don't want you to see me cum!"
"As if I could stop myself! Come on, show me just good it feels for you to cum!"
"Hyahhhnn! I-I'm cumming, cummmingggggg! AHNNNN!"
I watch on in wonder as Gildas bucks in pleasure beneath me.
Her body quivers and shakes, and her pussy gushes not just with jets of hot nectar but with a grand, fountain-like spray of sweet-smelling pee.
"Wow, you even wet yourself? I guess that's the kind of powerful orgasm I should have expected from a chronic self-abuser like yourself."
Her face turns as red as a tomato, and she looks shamefacedly away to avoid my leering gaze.
As much as she didn't want to be seen, the wonderful image is already saved to my mental folder of precious images for... personal use.
Who wouldn't want to revisit the image of a beautiful older girl with her legs spread open spraying piss like a fountain in their free time?
(Praise be to the Goddesses of perviness for this wondrous bounty!)
"Hahhh, hahh... Y-You really watched me... I-I can't believe I let a man like you make me cum, let alone watch it happen..."
When the pleasure finally subsides, Gildas lies back, still restrained, panting, and looking ashamed.
"Tsk, you know it made it feel even better. ♪"
"N-No way... Y-You've had enough now, right? Get this thing off of me!"
It's true that this was a pretty satisfying spectacle... But I have a feeling I can still pick up some "experience" from this quest.
Especially since the sword in my pants has been fully charged and ready to strike for a painfully long time now!
"Hmm, now that I think about it, my quest never mentioned what I should do with the thief. Which means I can do whatever I want with you."
"W-Wait a second, you don't mean? Whoa! Wh-What is that!? I-It's so big, and swollen... What do you think you're doing!?"
The instant I pull my swollen cock from my pants, she falters.
"Well, that should be obvious. Isn't it a little unfair for you to be the only one of us that gets to cum?"
"I can tell you're not finished yet either, right? Admit it, the moment you saw my cock, your pussy started twitching again."
I draw the tip of my cock close to her still-quivering entrance.
"Get ready!"
I thrust forward, hoping to drive my shaft, every bit as powerful and urgent as the Goddess' Tear, deep into her in a single stroke.
"Ahahyahhnnnn! I-It's going inside me! It's so hot, and thick! Ahahhnn!"
I unexpectedly find myself clamped down on, however, by an intense, seemingly impassable tightness.
"Hang on... Is this your first time!?"
Gildas averts her gaze, and turns bright red again.
(Lord, what a quest I've chosen for myself. I didn't think I'd be coming away with a cherry as a bonus reward.)
"Well then, I guess it's the perfect time to give you a taste of your own medicine, and steal a thief's virginity!"
With one powerful thrust, I drive myself through her chastity and into the deepest parts of her pussy.
"Ahhhhnnn! Ahn, hahhn... Mmmnph, ahahhn!"
I feel her pussy walls clench and spasm around my shaft.
They seem overcome with confusion and excitement at welcoming a man for the first time, clenching feverishly around my cock.
"Mmnnn! Ahnn... Hahhn, ahn... Ahn, hyahhn!"
Even though it's her first time, Gildas' moans are tinged with pleasure. It's almost like she isn't in pain at all.
"Wh-Why does it feel so good? It's my first time, and yet... Mmmnph! Hyahhn!"
(Is this an effect of the treasure too!? It's taking away her pain, and increasing her pleasure instead... I can see why it's a fertility aid!)
In that case, there's no reason to hold back! I start to swing my hips with full force.
"Ahhhnn! Mmnph, ahnn! Hyahhhn!"
Gildas looks instantly shocked, but her arousal is obvious in the sultriness of her moans.
"How does that feel? It's much better than when you masturbate, right?"
My thick shaft forces her virgin pussy walls apart with each stroke, grinding into her deepest parts.
Her pussy squeezes me in turn, twitching and quivering as it takes on the shape of my cock.
Gildas seems almost knocked out by the new sensation, panting and moaning in pleasure.
"Ahahhnn! It feels so good! It's 200 times better than it feels when I do it myself! Ahhn! Hahhhn!"
She screams out shamelessly, moaning high and mellifluously.
Each time I slam into her, her breasts jiggle and send sprays of milk through the air.
Her pussy too is squelching obscenely with a gush of love nectar from every stroke.
(Man, if she's so used to masturbating, and this still feels so much better... Just thinking about what she's feeling is driving me crazy!)
My thrusts grow even more wild as my desire to completely overwhelm her perverted pussy swells and swells.
"Mmn, ahhn! Hnngh! Ahn, ahhn, hyahhhnn!"
My cock throbs as it rams into her again and again, its tip kissing the entrance to her womb with each stroke.
Every time it does she lets out a high cry, and her pussy spasms in delight.
"Hnngh, you're so tight! It's amazing!"
I can't tell whether this is the treasure's doing, but her pussy walls grip me with such eager hunger that it makes my head spin.
Her face too is starting to change, her eyes taking on a sultry, dreamy glaze. She should change her class from "hardened" bandit to "harlot" bandit...
"Ahhn, hahhn! Your cock is so amazing... It feels so good! My boobs won't stop leaking... Ahnnn, mmn, hahhnn!"
She's so overwhelmed she can no longer bring herself to suppress her arousal.
"Hmm, you're not satisfied yet, are you? I'm only just getting started!"
I pull my shaft back until my tip is almost falling out of her slippery entrance, and then slam it back into her with dizzying force.
"Hyaahhhnn! N-No, not so rough! You're destroying my pussy! Ahn, ahhhnn, mmnph, hyaaahhhnn!"
Great gushes of love juices water the grass as the obscene, wet sound of our hips slapping together reverberates through the forests.
Gildas shakes her head in desperation, but her pussy is eagerly spasming and massaging me even more than before.
"Tsk, your pussy is saying it wants it even harder, though. Is that really how you feel?"
"Gah, I want it, I want it! Harder! I've never felt this good before! Please, give me more, more! Ahhnn, ahahhhnnn!"
"Don't you worry, I'm going to make your first time the best thing you've ever felt!"
I drive my shaft deep inside her and grind my hips against hers, stirring up the depths of her soaking wet pussy with its girth.
She shudders and moans, and her nipples spurt out fresh jets of sweet milk.
"You really are a filthy pervert, you know, leaking all this milk out from being fucked for the first time!"
"I-I'm not! Ahhn, ahn, no! Don't say that! Ahahhnnn!"
My dirty talk makes her body quiver with even more intense pleasure.
I drive my cock into her down to the hilt with each thrust, grinding the head against the entrance to her womb.
The sensation soon destroys any sense of reason and restraint from her mind, and she's left a panting mess, her tongue lolling out lewdly.
"Ahhhn! Mmnph, ahhn! Ahahhnnn!"
Her pussy is twitching and clenching around me so eagerly it's like her previous orgasm was just a light breeze.
"Are you all right, there? Your pussy's really begging my cock to make it cum, isn't it?"
"N-No way... Ahn! Ahahhn! Mmnph, ahahhnn!"
"Tsk, be honest. Your pussy is, at least."
"Ahhahn! I-I want to cum... Ahahn, I'm so close, I just want to cum! Ahn, mmn, ahahnnnn!"
With her finally completely surrendered to her pleasure, I start to swing my hips wildly against hers in one final, vital push.
"Ahahhhn! Mmmnph, hyyahhhhnnn!"
With each powerful thrust, she lets out a moan like an animal in heat.
"If you want it to feel even better, move your hips too!"
She awkwardly tries to meet my rhythm, and as she gradually does, her moans start to grow even more shameless.
"Mmm, that's pretty good, but I know you can try harder!"
She pushes her hips back against me with each thrust, slamming my cock into her faster and faster. Soon our speeds have reached their peak.
Her pussy is twitching and spasming with each thrust, bathing my shaft in a torrent of her hot juices.
"I'm going to fill your pussy up, Gildas!"
I can feel the pressure building to an overwhelming intensity in my hips. I drive my painfully-swollen shaft into the depths of her pussy.
"Ahhnnn, I can't, I can't? I'm cumming! I'm cummmminnngg! Ahn, ahnn, AHAHNNNN!"
Instantly, her pussy welcomes it by clenching around it with dizzying force. My mind goes blank as I feel her virgin pussy squeeze me.
"Ahahhnnn! Wh-wha? Ahahnnn! There's something pouring inside me! It's so hot! Ahnn, hahhhn, ahnnn!"
I let out an eruption of sticky white cum directly against the entrance to her womb.
The heat quivers through Gildas' body, and the waves of pleasure crash over her.
Her body shakes over and over again as it's rocked by orgasm after orgasm, for as long as my cock keeps filling her with hot liquid.
"Ahahnnnnn! Ahn, ahnn, mnnnph, hyahhhnn!"
Her pussy walls clamp down on my shaft, and spasm as if trying to massage every last drop out of me.
Urged on, I pour jet after jet of cum inside her greedy pussy.
(Hnngh, I can't stop cumming!)
Her pussy struggles to hold in the flood of white liquid, and it starts to drip obscenely out onto the grass.
(God, there's so much... Or maybe that should be "Goddess"? This must be the treasure's effect!)
"Ahhhn! I-I can't believe it... It feels so good being cummed inside! Ahnnn, hyahhhnn!"
Milk spurts out of her nipples in thick jets as her body quivers with the pleasure.
My cumming is prolonged by the sight of a formerly virgin girl leaking milk from her boobs as she thrashes amid the waves of an intense orgasm.
(You'd never see that outside of this world... I love this place!)
As much as she resisted at the start, Gildas is now completely lost to pleasure, her tongue lolling and her eyes rolling back into her head. 
"Hahh, hahh... Phew, that was just as amazing as I expected from a tight, virgin pussy like that."
When I'm finally spent, I slump on top of her. We lie there in an exhausted afterglow.
"Mmnph, hahh, hahh... Why...? Why did it feel so good to have my virginity taken by some brute I've only just met...?"
I should have guessed her pride might take a little hit from having her resistance broken down like that.
But I suppose she just couldn't fight the pleasure she felt, especially when it's so much more than she's used to getting from masturbating.
"Hmm, well, I hate to break it to you, but you're still not entirely a non-virgin..."
"Wh-What does that mean!? You just took my first time... Y-You don't mean...!?"
"I'm still not done punishing you for your crimes, bandit! I'm going to make that cute little asshole of yours into a true woman too!"
I pull my still-hard shaft from her pussy, and push it roughly against her ass.
"W-Wait! I-It's too big! There's no way it'll?"
My body is still coursing with desire as I bear down on her like a hungry animal, starting to work the head of my cock into her tight asshole.
"Hnnhghh!? I-It's so big! You'll break my butt! Ahnn, ahnn, ahahhnn!"
As I push into her tiny hole, I'm assaulted by an even more overwhelming tightness than I expected.
"Whoa, this really is tight. I'd be disappointed if a virgin ass wasn't, though... I'm going to turn this into the shape of my cock too!"
I concentrate my strength into my lower body, and start to push deeper into her.
"Ahhnn! Mmmnph, ahn, ahn, hahhhnnn!"
She moans a high, quivering moan as my girth starts to force its way inside her ass.
Her expression is fraught, unsure of how to handle her first anal experience.
"Hmm, I think I'm going to have to loosen you up a little..."
I grab the vibrator, and summoning my Ero-Magic, press it to her still-slick slit.
"AHAHHNNNN! Ahnn, hahhn, hyahhhnn!"
She lets out a strained, ecstatic moan as it grinds into her sensitive pussy.
I push it into her twitching entrance, and splurts of my cum come leaking out.
"Ahnn, no, pull it out! I can't handle both at once! I'm going to break? AHAHNNNN!"
The vibrations of the treasure whip up the leaking cum into a creamy froth.
As I push it into her, her pussy clenches. At the same time, her asshole loosens the tiniest amount, and I drive my shaft in down to the base.
"Hnnghhh!? Ahahnn, mmmnph! I-It's all the way inside me! Ahhn, it's so huge!"
Gildas writhes as she feels both her pussy and ass being filled up, the pleasure seemingly already overtaking the pain.
The inside of her ass is surprisingly warm and comfortable, clenching only loosely around my cock.
Her asshole however is powerfully tight, gripping the base of my shaft with desperate hunger.
(Mmm... Now, to have a proper taste of this plump butt of yours, Gildas!)
As I start to thrust in and out, different parts of my shaft in turn are bathed in the contrasting sensations.
The heat inside her is so intense that I can feel it flowing through my entire body.
"Ahhnn... Mmnph, ahn! Ahnn, ahn! Ahahhnnn!"
Though her face is still etched with unease, Gildas is unconsciously grinding her hips back against mine.
Slowly the resistance seems to drain out of her asshole, and she starts to relax.
"Hmm, your ass is already loving having my cock inside it, isn't it? You really are a natural pervert!"
"D-Don't say that! Ahhn, mmmnph! Ahhhn, it's so hot inside my ass!"
Her body trembles each time I drive my shaft inside of her.
The movement of her hips grows gradually more bold as the pleasure grows, and my cock grinds against every inch of her insides.
"Ahhhn! I-It feels too good! It's too much! I'm going crazy, ahnn! Ahahhhnn!"
"Oh, I could make it feel even better!"
I push the Goddess' treasure all the way into her pussy, pressing its urgently-vibrating tip to the entrance to her womb.
"AHHHHHNNN! Ahn, ahnnn... Mmnph, hyahnnn!"
A great spurt of love nectar and leftover cum comes spraying out of her twitching entrance.
Jets of sticky milk squirt from her nipples, coating her boobs.
Presented with such an utterly obscene sight, I can already feel the pressure growing in my crotch.
"I'm going to cum, Gildas! I'm going to cum in your ass!"
"Ahhhn! R-Really? Th-That's...! Ahhnn, hahhhnn!"
Despite her look of shock, she doesn't stop bucking her hips. Of course, I never had any intention of shooting my load anywhere else.
I slam my cock into her tight asshole with every ounce of my strength, feeling the pressure inside me building up until it's overwhelming.
I grind the vibrator inside her pussy, assaulting both of her holes with the full force of my burning desire.
"Mmnn! Ahahhn! I-I'm cumming again! Ahnn, ahnn... Mmn, HYAHHHNNN!!!"
My cock erupts with another great spurt of cum, filling the space inside her ass with every last drop I have within me.
"Ahhhnn! I can feel your hot cum pouring inside my ass! Mmmnph, ahnn, I-I'm cumminnnggg!"
Her hips buck as yet another orgasm hits her. It's so powerful you wouldn't believe it's her third today.
The bucking is enough to force the treasure out of her pussy.
Following it comes a thick gush of cum and love nectar that splashes down her thighs and across my crotch.
"Hnngh, I'm still cumming!"
Gildas' asshole twitches and clenches, massaging every last drop out of me.
"A-Ahnn, I'm still cumming too! Ahnnn, ahahnnn!"
Her pussy splutters with jet after jet of hot nectar as the waves of orgasm quake through her over and over again.
Her nipples squirt a seemingly endless torrent of milk across her breasts, filling the air with a sweet scent that mingles with the odor of our sex.
"Hahh, hahhh... I can't believe I came like that... I-I'll never be satisfied with just my fingers again..."
Gildas holds tightly onto me as she bathes in the afterglow, panting against my shoulder.
Her pussy drools lasciviously with love juices, dripping down and soaking into the grass.
"Mmm, well, I suppose I'll have to catch you and punish you again next time you pull a heist like this, won't I?"
"H-Hmph, you think I'm going to let you catch me that easily? Not a chance... I'm going to be the one coming to steal your cum next time! Hehe!"
