セリカ
女子生徒
女子生徒Ａ
炎厨矢
？？？
"Ahh, what lovely weather. It would be the perfect day for a little bit of a breeze to give me just a little flash of panties..."
"Eeeek!"
"Huh? What was that?"
It's a lovely afternoon, with the sun gently shining through the windows. The peace, however, is broken by a shrill voice from outside.
"Oh, could it be that my fans have found me? Tsk, very well, I guess I can give them a few autographs... Huh? Wait, what's going on over there?"
"Hup!"
"Nice shot, Celica-sama!"
"Whoa!"
A girl so beautiful that I can't help but let out an exclamation is chasing a magical ball around a court.
Ah, I see, so what I heard just then was people cheering for her... I-I'm not upset that it wasn't for me, or anything, ahem.
"More importantly... Hehehe!"
Every time the girl moves, her skirt flips up to reveal the area between its hem and her thigh-high socks, and a glimpse of her panties.
Ah, this must be a magical equivalent of that sport that siezes the heart of any red-blooded male, tennis. It seems a little different, however.
The rules seem to be largely the same, but instead of a ball, the players are batting back and forth a globe of magic.
They're using rackets that are seemingly stringed with nothing but magic too.
Instead of merely technique and stamina, this sport tests the players' magical power too.
"Hahh, hahh... Hoof!"
(Man, if the players in my world dressed like that, tennis would be the biggest sport on the planet.)
"I've never seen that girl around here before, though. What year is she in? Excuse me, can I ask you something?"
"Yes?"
"Who is that girl over there playing tennis? She seems really popular."
"Oh, that's Celica-chan. She's a first-year and a high elf. But she doesn't act all haughty like the rest of them. She's really nice, and caring."
"I see... Thanks."
All of that, and she's a beauty too? I'm not surprised that she's so popular. I've already become her fan!
"Hahh! Hoof! Ahn!"
Every time she jump-serves, her top offers a teasing glimpse of her belly button.
The force of her swing makes her boobs jiggle up and down.
"Ooh... Oooh! Whoa!"
Her outfit shows off a glorious amount of the fair skin common to high elves.
She runs back and forth across the court, hitting drop shots and smashes, all of her voluptuous curves bouncing deliciously as she does.
Instead of the ball, my eyes are completely fixed on those colossal boobs. You'd never think she was a first-year.
The gap between the youthfulness of her face and the maturity of her body only serves to further enflame my perverted instincts.
"Hahhh!"
Phew, she has such toned thighs compared to the buxomness of her breasts. I've got to pay attention to those too!
She's got the perfect body to make any man her fan.
(Ahh, I want to try hitting a rally against her, getting a good look at those tits and those legs in the process!)
(Ooh, or maybe I could play mixed doubles with her, and watch her ass— I mean, watch her back while she's at the net.)
(Or maybe I'll get some private coaching from her, have that body all over me while she's correcting my form...)
(And maybe after that we'd get to know each other, and I can teach her some of my "skills" in return, hehe, hehehe...)
Ahh, my daydreams are as sweet and pillowy as those breasts!
"Huh?"
As if responding to my perverted thoughts, my Ero-Magic kicks in.
The spell that pops into my mind is... "Ace in her Hole: Tennis teats, get out of my head, come and serve these balls instead!"
"Wh-What!?"
This will let me enjoy every part of Celica-chan's body without her knowing it's me!
(This wasn't quite what I was daydreaming about, but... It's even better! It's the ultimate pervert's dream, and how can I not take advantage!?)
"Oooh... Hmm, where to start?"
I activate the spell, and a crystal ball appears before me.
Peering into it, I see a detailed breakdown of her sexual history.
(Hmm, so she has masturbated, but she's still a virgin? I suppose that's probably not rare for a noble high elf.)
It's the kind of level of experience that makes me very, very excited to see what kind of face she makes when I tease her.
"Right then, Celica-chan, it's time for you to serve me up those boobs of yours!"
