リディア
炎厨矢
"Ahhn... Hahh, hahhn... Can you hear it properly, Doctor Takumi? My heartbeat is okay, isn't it? Hahhn!"
Suddenly, I find myself with Lydia-chan in my arms. She's not wearing her usual uniform or succubus outfit, though?she's dressed as a nurse.
It's a little... skimpier than average, but I know she'd make a perfect nurse who really knows how to keep her patients happy...
She's giving off the aura of a woman entirely submitting to the desires of sensual pleasure.
Her entire nurse-uniformed body is giving off what feels like pheromones of pure lust.
It's just the perfect situation to inflame my desires!
(She looks so incredibly sexy like this... And she's wearing such lewd underwear!)
"Indeed. Though I must say, these are not appropriate panties for a nurse such as yourself! Think of your poor patients' hearts!"
"Hahh, hahh... I-I'm sorry, Doctor! Mmn!"
The laciness of her underwear perfectly accentuates the curve of her already-warm pussy lips.
They're so low-cut I can almost see her clit poking out over the waistband!
Of course, that's slightly helped by the fact that my cock, already leaking pre-cum, is sliding under the skimpy scrap of fabric.
"Now, I want you to take a deep breath in, and then breathe out..."
"Y-Yes, Doctor... Hahh, hahh..."
Each time she breathes, her voluptuous breasts rise and fall enticingly.
I press my stethoscope to her puffy, swollen nipple.
"Hahhn! Hahh, hahhh... Mmn..."
She lets out a started gasp at the sensation of cold metal.
I keep pressing it against her, and soon her inverted nipples start to stiffen and push back against it.
"Oh, look who it is. Does this really feel that good?"
I draw little circles across her nipple with the stethoscope.
"Mmn, ahhn! D-Doctor, please don't rub it like that... Ahhn, hahhn!"
"This is a necessary part of the examination. Be a good girl and stay still."
I suppose you might think doctor-and-nurse play is a little... orthodox. It's not exactly an uncommon fantasy.
But that's looking at it from the perspective of someone from my world.
In this world, nurses don't exist. All the healing is done by priests with healing spells.
And I don't exactly get off to old men in poofy robes chanting magic words at me.
So lately, all I've been dreaming about is being treated by a big-boobed, naughty nurse!
"Hmm, your heart rate seems to be increasing. Let me check your other breast too..."
I move the stethoscope over to the other side and start to grind it against her nipple.
"Hahhn! Mmn, hahhn..."
Lydia-chan lets out hot, ragged breaths as I tease her.
My shaft is pressed up against her slit, which is bathing it in dripping love juices.
They're so hot and sticky that I can't stop myself from rubbing against her.
"Mmn, ahnn, ahnnn... Mmnnph!"
My pre-cum mixes with her nectar and fills the treatment room with an obscenely wet sound.
"Hahh, hahhh, if you grind against me that hard... Ahhn, the patients will hear... Mmn!"
"Hmm, I think hearing your moans might give them a little energy. It'll probably help their recoveries."
"Ahhn, don't say that..."
"I must say, Lydia-chan, this outfit suits you perfectly. It's so sexy..."
"L-L-Lydia-chan!? D-Doctor, what are you calling me?"
Huh? What was that reaction?
Hmm, it definitely looks like Lydia-chan in front of me, but does she not have her actual mind and memories?
Does her skill just use her face but not her personality? Or is this just exactly what I wanted my fantasy girl to look like?
I'd think a little deeper about the implications of that, but faced with the massive pair of boobs in front of me, I suddenly don't care.
"Ahh, I'm sorry, Nurse Lydia. I did mean what I said about your outfit, though."
She pouts cutely at me. I smile mischievously and grind the tip of my cock against her clit.
"Ahnn, Doctor, stop! Not there... Ahn, it's rubbing me..."
Even as she's saying that, she pushes her plump ass back against me.
"Hahh, hahh... That feels great, Nurse Lydia..."
The squishy feeling of her pussy lips against my shaft is so exciting that I start breathing hot and heavy against her neck.
(Damn, this feels incredible...!)
It's so soft and slippery that it feels like little jolts of electricity are running from the tip of my cock through my whole body.
"Mmn, ahn, ahnn... Mmnph! Hahhn!"
Lydia-chan squirms in my arms as I grind against her most sensitive spots.
"Mmn, ahnn... D-Doctor, I'm getting so hot down there... Mmn, hahhn!"
I take the stethoscope away from her nipple, and start to fondle her breast in my palm.
"Mmmn, ahn, ahhn! Mmnnn!"
Her breasts are silky-smooth, soft, and gently warm... And more than anything, they're so huge and heavy!
Just feeling my fingers sink into her springy flesh makes their warmth spread through my whole body.
"Hahh, hahh... Such incredibly lewd boobs you have, Nurse Lydia. The patients must absolutely love you."
"T-They're always staring at me... Mmn, hahhn!"
"Well, of course. Any man would get turned on by tits this huge... Of course, I'm the only one that gets to play with them all that I want."
"Mmn, ahnn! Mnn, ahahhnn, hahhn!"
To emphasize my point, I roughly grope and knead her breasts.
They give off such a sweet smell as I fondle them, filling up my nostrils.
Her puffy pink nipples are standing up so invitingly in the middle of her lily-white mounds.
"And I'm the only one who gets to tease these nipples, too!"
I take one between my fingertips and start to gently grind it between them.
"Hahhn, Doctor, no! Mmmnph, not my nipples! Ahhn, hahhnnn!"
"They've gotten awfully stiff. Such perfect nipples, just made for my fingers."
"Hyahhhn! Hahh, hahhn... Mmn, ahn..."
She writhes in my arms, quivering all over as I tease her.
She looks back at me with a gaze that tells me that, for all her denials, she wants more.
"Tsk, you want to feel even better? You really are a dirty little nurse, aren't you?"
I roughly pull on her nipple, making her breast jiggle with the force.
"Hahhn! D-Doctor, that's too hard... Ahhn, ahahnn!"
She lets out a high, strained moan, and her body bucks against me.
A gush of love nectar spurts from her pussy, coating my shaft and dripping down onto the bed.
It's so hot against my skin that I start to grind my cock against her slit even faster.
"Mmnn, ahhn! Hahhn! Mmn, ahn! Ahahhn!"
Lydia-chan's knees almost buckle as I suddenly rub up against her clit.
"Hmm, what's wrong? Your legs seem awfully weak. Can't hold back any more?"
"D-Doctor, I... Ahhn! I-I think I'm going to cum... Mmn, ahahhhnn!"
"Oh, feel free. I'd love to see a nurse like you cumming feet away from her patients, Nurse Lydia."
I stroke my cock up and down her slit, hitting her clit each time, as I tweak and pinch her nipples even harder.
"Ahhn, mmnn! Hnngh, ahhn! Doctor, I'm cumming! I'm cumming, ahahhhnn!"
"Ahhhn, o-oh no... There's so much coming out... Mmnnnggh!"
Great gushes of hot love juices spill out of her pussy, splashing on my shaft and dribbling down her thighs into pools on the floor.
"Hahh, hahh... I really came... Mmn, hahhn..."
She's still twitching and quivering. She looks back at me with a dreamy expression, breathing raggedly.
Glistening liquid drips down from her throbbing pussy lips, and joins the huge puddle at her feet.
"Tsk, now that is not hygenic. What a dirty nurse, covering the floor in her juices!"
"I-I'm so sorry, Doctor... Hahh, hahh... U-Umm..."
I can feel her entrance twitching against my shaft.
"Hmm, it seems like a certain part of you still needs more examination... Don't worry, though. The doctor will see to it."
I start to tease her slit with the tip of my cock.
"Ahhn... Please, Doctor... I need treatment, quickly... Please, examine all the way inside my pussy with your cock!"
A shiver runs down my spine and into my crotch whenever she says such filthy things with that cute face of hers.
"Tsk, you just came, and you already want more? You really are a perverted nurse."
"I diagnose a definite case of cock addiction. And there's only one treatment for that..."
As much as I'm playing my role, I'm at the limits of my restraint. I press the tip of my cock to her entrance, and push it into her.
"Ahhhn! Hahhnnn!"
I part her tightly-clenching pussy walls and drive my shaft into the deepest parts of her pussy in one powerful thrust.
"Mnn, ahhhn! I-It's inside me! Doctor Takumi's cock is pushing into me! Ahahhn!"
The instant that I enter her, her pussy walls squeeze me and welcome me in hungrily.
They twitch and squirm, super-sensitive from having just came.
"Hnngh, you're so tight! It's amazing!"
Her grip on my cock instantly makes my body burn hot with pleasure, and makes me even harder.
"Ahhhn, it's all the way in... Ahhn, this cock is amazinnggg... Mmn, hahhhn!"
Her moan is so high and wild that it threatens to completely overwhelm my reasoning.
"Mmm, I can tell by how much it's squeezing me that your pussy is really craving cock, isn't it?"
I feel her twitch and squirm around my shaft when I croon perverted words in her ear.
"Ahn, yes, yes... Ahhhn, please, inject all of your cock inside me... Hahh, hahhn..."
"Oh, don't worry, I've got just the prescription for you...!"
I slam my cock into her down to the hilt.
"Ahahhhnnn! Mmnn, ahnn! Hahhhnnnn!"
Her pussy walls clench as if sucking me in, and grip the tip of my cock with furious intensity.
"Hnngh, whoa..."
The sensation is so incredible that I could cum just from that alone.
"Hahh, hahhh... Y-Your cock is so huge, Doctor... Please, give me more! Make me feel even better!"
"Tsk, what a nympho nurse we've hired. Your pussy's like a tourniquet around my cock..."
"I-I can't help it... I just want it so much! Ahhnn!"
The shame filling her cheeks only serves to make her even tighter.
The pressure around my shaft is so enticing that I'm completely unable to resist.
"So, Nurse Lydia, it's time to begin your treatment!"
"Hnngghh! Haahhhn! Hahhhnnnn!"
Her carnal moans fill my ears.
"Ahhhn, mmnph! More! Doctor, inject me more! Mmmn, ahahhnn!"
Even more carnal, however, is the way her pussy is twitching and squirming around my shaft.
It's so hot and soft, with a texture that feels like it's massaging me. It feels so good that I start to thrust faster and faster.
"Ahhn, mmnph! Ahn, ahahhn! Hahhnnn!"
Lydia-chan's body is so sensitive after having just cum that she's already writhing and quivering in my arms.
I don't know if it's this obscene sight, or the special powers of a succubus' dream, but I feel even more full of perverted energy than usual.
"H-How does my pussy feel, Doctor? Is the treatment going well? Ahhn, hahhn!"
"Hmm, I'm afraid you have a more serious condition than I thought."
"R-Really!? Ahahhn!"
"Yeah, it feels seriously good, and you need a serious injection!"
I slam my hips against hers with all my power.
"Mmnph, ahn, ahhhn! Hahhn! Mmn! Hahhhn!"
Every time I thrust, her soaking-wet pussy fills the room with obscene squelching sounds and splutters juices all over the floor.
"Ahahhnn, it's so good! Doctor, yes! Ahhn! Ahnnn!"
She starts pushing back against me in rhythm, making my desk creak under the strain.
With every stroke, her pussy massages my cock adoringly.
"Hnngh, it's so tight... You have a really bad case of cock-loving, nymphomaniac pussy!"
"Ahn, ahhn, ahahn! Mmn, I just, I? Ahahhn!"
She looks back at me with a cutely pleading look, but before she can respond, I press my lips to hers.
"Mmmnph! Mmn, mwah... Mmmn, D-Doctor... Mwah, mmn! Hahh..."
I push hard against her lips and force my tongue into her mouth.
"Mmmn, *slurrp*... Mmph! Mwah! Mwahh! Mmn, *slurrp*!"
She responds with just as much passion, entwining her tongue with mine. Its strength sends shivers down my spine.
Our tongues explore each other's mouths hungrily.
"Mmmn, mwah... Ahhn... Doctor Takumi... If you continue being so rough with my mouth and my pussy at the same time, I'm going to cum... Ahnn!"
"You only just came, and you're already nearly there again? Hmm, this is a serious condition indeed."
"Ahahhnnn! D-Doctorrr... I really will... Ahahhn!"
The heat around my cock is almost burning now. I slam it into her twitching entrance faster and faster.
"It's not fair to cum by yourself, you know? We are colleagues, after all. You have to make me cum too!"
"Mmmn! Ahhn! Hahhn, hahhhnnn!"
I plunge so deep into her that the tip of my cock grinds against the entrance to her womb.
Her pussy twitches powerfully around my shaft.
"Ahhn, Doctor, your cock... It'sh going to inject your seed into my womb... Ahahhn, it'sh sho deeeep... Mmn, ahnn, ahhhnn!"
The force of my thrusts reverberates up through her entire body, making her huge boobs bounce up and down.
"Hmm, your nipples are rock hard as well. I think they need some treatment too."
I grab them in my fingertips, and roughly tweak and pull them.
"Hahhhn! My nipplesshhh... Ahhn, nooo, Doctor... Ahhn, ahahhn, ahhhnn!"
Her moans are almost like screams. Having her womb and nipples "treated" at the same time is making her whole body buck and writhe.
Her pussy is gripping me like a vice, and pushing into it with all my strength with every thrust is sending waves of pleasure through me.
"Mmn, I'm almost ready to cum too... I'm going to fill you up, Nurse Lydia. I'm going to give your nympho pussy all the medicine it needs!"
"Ahhnnn, yes, please! Give me all your hot, thick medicine! Ahahhnn!"
I can feel my syringe filling up, ready to administer treatment.
"Mmmn, ahhn! Ahahn, mmnph! Hahhhn!"
She's quivering more and more each time my cock kisses the entrance to her womb.
As she's approaching her limit, so am I. Her pussy walls are massaging me as if desperately urging me to cum.
"Ahhhn! Ahahhhn! Ahn, ahnnn! D-Doctor, I'm, I'm going to... Ahahhn! Mmnph, ahhn!"
The room is filled with the sounds of her moans and her love juices spurting out and raining down on the floor.
"Hnngh, me too!"
As I feel myself about to overload, I start to slam my hips against hers with every ounce of strength I have.
"Mmmn! Ahn, ahhhnn! Hahhn! Mmn, hahhhhnnn!"
Her pussy is twitching and squirming so much that I can tell she's an instant away from losing control.
I keep plunging my swollen cock as deep into her as I can as the pressure welling up in my entire body overtakes me.
"Ahhhn, ahahhn, hahhhn! Yesshhh, Doctorrr... I'm cumming, I'm cumminnggggg...!!!"
"Here it comes, Nurse Lydia! Open wiiiiiiiide!"
"Mmmnn, AHAHHNNN!!! I-It'sh filling me up... Your medicine, it'sh filling up my pusshyyy... Mmmn!"
My cock pulses, shooting out thick, white jets of cum right into the entrance to her womb.
"There's sho mucchhh... Ahahhn, I can't shtop cumminngggg! HAHHHNN!"
Feeling the heat of the medicine filling her up, her pussy clutches and squeezes as if hungrily gulping down every last drop.
"Hnngh, it's so tight... It feels incredible!"
Her pussy walls are wringing me out, clenching every time my cock pulses. Even after I've stopped, it keeps gripping my shaft like a vice.
"Ahhn, mmnngh! Ahhn, ahahhn! Mmn, hahhn!"
(Hnngh, this is bad... If she keeps squeezing me like this...)
I feel lust welling up in me again, and within seconds my cock is even harder than it was before.
"Hahh, hahh... You came so much... Ahhhn!"
Even though I only just came, I'm still too mad with desire to resist immediately starting a second round of treatment.
"D-Doctor, waiiit... Ahn, ahhn, hahhhnn!"
Lydia-chan is evidently taken by surprise by the sudden restart.
"It can't wait! Your pussy's in a critical condition, and needs urgent care!"
"Mmmn, ahhhn! Hahhn, ahn, ahahhn!"
Every thrust makes spurts of cum and love juices gush out of her entrance.
Lydia-chan gazes down at the frothy mixture raining down on the floor, quivering with arousal.
"Ahhhn, even though I only just came... I already... Mmn, ahahhn!"
My body throbs with pleasure every time I thrust inside her.
Each time, her pussy fills the room with the obscene sounds of cum and nectar squelching together.
It mixes with the carnal lilt of her moans and the beauty of her body to completely overpower my senses.
It's so overwhelming that my mind feels like it's going blank. I'm reduced to nothing but a rutting beast.
"You need another dose of medicine! Stat!"
I drive my cock into her with animal force as I shamelessly grope her breasts.
"Mmn, ahhhn! Hahhn, ahn! Hahhhn!"
Lydia-chan is thrashing about in my arms almost screaming as the pleasure reaches brain-melting levels.
"Ahhn, hhngh... Ahahhn! Doctorrr... Give it to meee... I need medischinee...! Pleashee...! Ahahhn!"
"I'll give you all the medicine you need! So be a good patient and take it all!"
"Ahhn, your cock ish going all the way inshide meee...! I'm gonna go crazyyyy, ahhhn!"
I slam into her with all the strength I have, and her pussy clenches around me as if trying to wring out my cum.
"Ahahhn! I'm cumming, I'm cummminnnnggg!!!"
I feel the pressure welling up inside me to an unbearable degree, and I press the tip of my cock right against the entrance to her womb.
"Ahahhn! I can't live without this medicine anymore! I need it, Doctor! I can't be satisfied without it!!!"
Hot cum paints her insides an even thicker white.
"Ahhhn, mmn! HAHHHNNN!!!"
Her whole body tenses up, and her legs stretch out and quiver as an explosive orgasm crashes through her.
Her pussy walls grip me like they're taking my blood pressure, squeezing out every last drop of cum.
(Hnngh, I can't stop cumming...)
"Ahahhn, th-there'sh sho muchhh... I'm sho full... Hahhhn!"
Her face is the perfect picture of ecstasy, almost glowing with the happiness of being filled with my cum.
"Hnngh, you've not had your full dose yet!"
I pull her hips as close to mine as I possibly can, each jet of cum pulsing directly against the entrance to her womb.
Thick splashes of milky-white liquid spill out of her entrance and add to the expanding puddle on the floor.
"Mmmn! Hahhn, this medicine's sho addictive... Mmn..."
"Tsk, this nympho pussy is going to need a lot more treatment. This is a serious case..."
"Hahh, yesh... Please, Doctor, make my pusshhy feel better..."
I could continue working this shift at the hospital forever.
However, I feel the scene start to dissolve into a comfortable nothingness...
"...Hmmn?"
When I awaken, it's already morning.
"Hahh... I really slept well. Oh, Lydia-chan, you're up already?"
"Oh, Takumi-senpai. G-Good morning..."
Smiling widely, she clutches herself against my chest.
Wh-Whoa... So this is what it's like to wake up all lovey-dovey with a girl? I thought this would remain but a dream for the likes of me!
"G-Good morning..."
"What's wrong, Takumi-senpai? Didn't you enjoy your dream?"
"Oh, not at all, that was, umm, a pretty good start as far as doctor-nurse play goes. It felt, ahem, pretty good."
"R-Really? ♪ Thank you so much!"
If I'm being honest, it was a lot, lot better than that. She wrung pretty much all of the cum out of me.
"It kinda ended just as it was getting good, though."
"Huh?"
"So, well... I'd really like to see where the dream goes after that."
"Oh!? O-Okay! ♪ Mwah... Mmn..."
She nods happily, and I press my lips to hers.
After a long, deep kiss, we fall back onto the bed.
"I'm going to fill up that greedy pussy of yours with my fresh morning cum, Lydia-chan."
"Ahhn, I get to feel it inside me in your dreams, and in real life... This is bliss!"
We spend the entire day, morning until night, enjoying each others' bodies. And of course, it continues in my dreams too...
