カシュニア
サラ
ジルダ
炎厨矢
？？？
"Hmm, decisions, decisions..."
"Hehe... For a kid with as much beginner's luck as you do, I think this one might suit you perfectly."
Sarah-san coos in her usual languid and lascivious voice as I peruse the list of quests available at the guild.
"Hmm, what's it about?"
"Well, it's a request to find a lost pet."
"Hey, are you making fun of me!? Grr... W-Well, how about I take on the quest of conquering this big pair of monsters in front of me."
"Tsk, not a chance. ♪ In a pervy mood as always today, I see."
Sarah-san's boobs jiggle as she swats away my hands.
She smiles impassively at the student-cum-adventurer in front of her, resting her enormous cleavage shamelessly on the counter as always.
(Hnngh, what an amazing pair. They're world-class!)
If she lived in my original world she wouldn't be working behind a counter like this—she'd be the top result on every porn site on the net!
She's like the human incarnation of Eros itself!
...Putting that aside, I've still got more practical matters to attend to. Namely, picking a quest.
(Hmm, right, right... Yeah, I can't read this list at all!)
I'm completely unable to read the language here, so the only way I can decide on what quest I should do is by looking at the image attached to the quest.
That does have the side bonus of having to rely on Sarah-san, though.
"Hmm, I guess I'll take on this quest to clear out some animal messing up the fields. Somehow, I don't think I'm going to lose to some rabbit."
So I turn around ready to go out hunting...
"Waaaaait one second! Taku-chan!"
"Y-Yes!? What!?"
"This is no normal cute little rabbit. It's a Thunderbunny, capable of throwing out level 20 lightning bolts."
She points at a piece of text on the screen so tiny you could confuse it for the small print on a sketchy loan company ad.
"I'd give you maybe... two minutes before you're burned to a crisp? Don't let the picture fool you. ♪"
"Dammit, do all the monsters have to be drawn this cute in this compendium!? Jeez, I almost just walked into a death trap!"
That was a close one... If she hadn't stopped me, I'd have been heading to my certain doom.
I was an instant away from accepting the quest and turning into a pile of ash.
"Thanks, Sarah-san! You're a lifesaver."
Pssh, there wasn't anything about it that said 'electric' to me. No yellow fur, no rosy-red cheeks, no copyright infringement at all in fact...
"Hmm, so, is there anything here that will get me some experience, be easy, and not actually kill me?"
"I've got just the thing. Shooing away some female bandits!"
"Ugh, bandits?"
Can I really not just stay here and work on conquering that cleavage?
There's something about Sarah-san that says she's a little bit "easy mode," if you know what I mean.
Certainly a lot easier than some monstrosity in some dungeon that's going to try and kill me.
"Haaaahahahaha! A quest perfect for the likes of you! Their chief is quite skilled in evasion, however, so do take a scroll of time-control!"
That high laugh and smug attitude... I don't even have to turn around to know who's here.
"Shut up, you dumb vampire! Thanks for the advice, though, Kash-tan."
"H-Hey, don't call me that, it's Kashnia-sama to you! You would do well to equip yourself with some powerful equipment too, hmph!"
As annoying as she might be, it does at least seem like this dummy is worried about me.
After a little briefing about the quest, I head out toward the bandit camp.
"Right, that should do it..."
I've got everything set up to lure out my prey, with a special trap.
By which I mean I've put down a rock on a big mouse trap, and enchanted it to look like a precious jewel.
My mission is to take back "The Goddess' Tear," a jewel the bandits have stolen from a local town, so I figure they might be out for loot.
(This is about all I could think up... Well, it doesn't seem like things have to make sense to work in this world, so I might get away with it.)
Trying to think positively, I wait in the bushes for my prey...
"Owwwww!"
It's about a minute before I hear a scream.
"What the hell!? Who the hell would get caught by a crappy trap like that, you slime-for-brains!?"
I stomp over in disbelief to where a bandit is blowing on her finger with tears in her eyes.
(Seriously, is this girl as dumb as Kashnia? I didn't think that was possible, but this is a beginner's quest, after all.)
(I don't fancy the chances of that town keeping any treasure safe if even she can get past their security.)
"Oww, that stings... What do you think I am, a mouse or something!?"
"Hmph, whatever, just give me that town's jewel. I want to get this boring quest over with already."
"Heh... So they hired you to bring me in? Looks like my infamy proceeds me."
"You wish! I don't even know your name, and I only took the quest because it was the lowest-ranked one on the board!"
"N-No way! They think some wet-behind-the-ears pipsqueak can catch me!? Grrr, damn fools!"
"And the name's Gildas! Remember the name, and the fearsome visage, of the Great Bandit Gildas!"
...Yeah. She's Kashnia Mk. II.
"Err, so... Kinda sorry about this now, but..."
"Ah, what am I doing!? Ahem... Now that you have seen my face, I have no choice but to vanquish you! This might hurt a little... ♪"
She cracks her whip at me.
Thankfully, due to the time-control scroll I packed on Kashnia's advice, I'm able to see it in bullet time.
"Heh, you think you can hit me with such a slow whip?"
I dodge the strike, and it splits the tree behind me clean in two.
"Whoa! Dammit, Sarah-san, this isn't quite what I thought I was signing up for!"
This bandit might be an idiot, but she's seriously strong!
I did wonder why she still said "Come back alive, now! ♪" before I left.
"Hehe, how do you like that? There's even more where that came from!"
Dammit, why do I have to be out here fighting this woman!? Oh, what I'd give to just be burying my face in a nice pair of boobies right now...
Right at the moment that I see the tip of her whip slashing toward my face, I feel a magical surge run through my body.
It suddenly starts to move completely on its own.
