フィー
ルフィーナ
炎厨矢
"Ahhn! Phee, where on earth did you learn to do this!? Ahahhnn!"
"Hahh, hahh... From Takumi-senpai, of course... Ahnn! I-Is it going deep enough for you?"
So, you might be wondering how I got here, watching Phee share a double-ended dildo with her own creator's asshole. Ero-Magic, of course!
Rufina-san, a genius magical researcher, works for the Yggdrasil Magical Research Laboratory.
When I ended up teleported to this world, she took all kinds of samples and ran all kinds of tests on me.
She called us out to the lab to perform regular maintenance on Phee, and I ended up coming too.
Why? I don't know... Let's just chalk that up to Ero-Magic too.
"Ahn, it's all the way in my ass! Hahhn, it's too deep! It's making me go crazy!"
"Mmm, I'm going as deep as I can too, Rufina-san... It feels so good when my cock hits your womb."
"Hnngh, ahn, no! Not both at the same time! I'm going to break, ahahhn!"
Even though she was a virgin until just a moment ago, she's already perfectly addicted to cock.
I suppose having both of your holes' virginity taken at the same time might make a woman go a little crazy.
"Ahhn! Even though it's my first time, you're being so rough... Hnngh! P-Please, be gentle! Hyahhhn!"
Not a chance. I slam my cock into her mercilessly, over and over again.
"Hahahhn! Ahn! Ahn! Ahhnnn! Hnngh! Mmnph!"
Despite a life devoted to nothing but science up until now, Rufina-san has already gotten used to the feeling of being fucked.
"Ahahhn, cock feels so good! I'll never be able to get it off my mind now! Ahahhnnn!"
Her walls spasm and clench around me feverishly.
I can feel the dildo connecting her asshole with Phee's pussy ramming deep inside her too with every thrust.
"Ahahn! Mmmnph, hhngh, mnnnnn!"
"Ahn, ahnn! I'm so glad it feels good... Mmn, Mom!"
"Ahn! E-Even if I did create you, calling me 'mom' is... Mmnph!"
Her face blushes somehow even deeper red, and her hips writhe.
I hear her mumble something under her breath. Something about it feeling so good because she used a little bit of my semen to make Phee...
Wait, what!?
"But you really are my mom! Mmn, ahhn, I want you to feel really good! ♪"
"Mmm, Rufina-san, you're thrusting your hips against me like a real slut even though you were a virgin a few minutes ago."
"Hahhn... It's just that every part of my virgin pussy feels good! Ahn, ahnnnn!"
I'm not sure which is having the most effect on her—my Ero-Magic, or simply the built-up frustration of a celibate lifetime devoted to science.
I get the feeling I've opened some kind of Pandora's box of lewdness.
"Mmm, your pussy's twitching and sucking me in so much, I get the feeling you'll never be satisfied with just your fingers again, right?"
"Ahn, ahnn, ahnn! Don't say that! It's so embarrassingggg... Ahnnn!"
"Tsk, have you been teaching Phee nothing but dirty things? Hnngh!"
"You'd prefer I didn't? I can feel how good your pussy's feeling every time she thrusts into your ass, though!"
"Hahh, hahh, I want to make you feel just as good as Takumi-senpai is, Mom... Mmmn!"
Rufina-san shoots her a look as if she can't believe what she's created, but she's too busy moaning to possibly say anything.
"Your nipples are getting so hard too, it's like they're daring me to suck on them... Mmn, *slurp*! Mmph!"
"Hyahhhnnn!"
"Mmn, did I just feel your pussy get even wetter? Just from having these big, cute, pink, virgin nipples being sucked on?"
"Ahhhn! Shtop, mmn, shtop! Ahahhn!"
"Hahhh, hahh... I-I'm... It's starting to feel so strange... I can't hold on anymore!"
"Hahhn! Mmn, no, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Ahahhnnnn!"
"Aaahhhnn! Wh-What's this!? It's never come out of me when I've masturbated! Mmnn!"
"Hahhn..."
She seems genuinely shocked that she's able to squirt like this. Isn't she supposed to be a scientist?
How can she know so much about science and so little about her own body!?
"Ahhn, I squirted? Hahhn, your cock is making my pussy into an absolute slut! Hnngh!"
From virgin to slut in a few minutes!? Honestly, Rufina-san...
"Hahh, your dildo's cumming in my ass too, Phee... You've learned some weird magic, ahn... Hahh, hahh..."
"I've powered up so I can team up with Takumi-senpai for co-op sex!"
"Ahn, why is that the only way you've powered up?"
"Well, that's because she's a homunculus made by you, Rufina-san!"
I can't help feel it's like a case of like creator, like homunculus.
"H-Huh? You're getting even bigger inside of me, Takumi-kun... Ahnn, stop!"
"Sorry, but my cock doesn't listen to reason!"
"Ahhn... Yes, give me a little sister, mmn!"
"Ahn, no! I can't do that! Ahhnnn!"
Even as she says that, she grinds her hips against mine eagerly as I fill her full of my cum.
"Aahhnn... Mmmn... My pussy and my ass are both so full up... Nooo... Ahahhn!"
"I've got to give you plenty of my cum so we can make a little sister for Phee, just like she says!"
"Hahhn, no, don't pour any more inside me! AHHHNNN!"
Her pussy and ass squeeze both of the thick shafts inside her with intense, greedy lust, as if desperately trying to extract all our seed.
"Ahhhn, I'm so full up with cum! Hnngh!"
She bucks and writhes with the force of both of her holes cumming, her eyes swimming drunkenly with pleasure.
"Nooo... Hahh, oh no... I already love cock sho, sho musch..."
Oh no... I think my Ero-Magic might have just created another absolute sex addict.
"Mmm... Next... I want to try putting this inside Takumi-senpai... I want to make you feel really good..."
Huh!?
"No! No, wait, Phee-saaaaaaaaaan!"
My internal analarm instantly jumps up to max.
As much as I'd like to entertain all of the %i1fujoshi%r out there, I very quickly try to calm down an aggressively enthusiastic Phee.
