ナオミン
炎厨矢
"Whew... Haah..."
(Haah... Seriously, what's his problem? Why does that guy always have to— Eeep!?)
"Huh!? Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
"Huh? Where am I?"
I'm standing in some sort of narrow room, with hot water raining down on my head.
"Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you doing here!? You pervert!"
"That's what I'd like to ask you! What are %i1you%r doing in a place like this...?"
"No, that's %i1my%r line! H-How did a pervomancer like you break through a Rank Four Barrier!?"
Looks like "Busteamate" allowed me to break a supposedly unbreakable barrier and end up in the showers of the girls' locker room.
I see... "Busteamate" brings me to a %i1bust%r that's %i1steamy%r and ready to %i1mate%r.
"Noo... H-Hey... Y-Your hot thing's rubbing me in a weird place... Ahhhh, hey, get off of me!"
My erect, manly shaft springs up between her thighs.
The sight of her straddling my hard cock makes for an obscene spectacle.
From the other angle, it'd probably look as though she had a penis jutting out from her groin.
"Noooo, why is there such a repulsive thing sticking out of my crotch!?"
"You can't push your lewd ass against me and expect me to stay soft, can you!? Don't underestimate men!"
"You're the lewd one! What are you talking about...? Ahh, ahhh... Eep, h-hey! Stop moving! You pervert!"
"Eeeep!? I said stop moving around! Let go! And shrink that thing of yours down there!"
"What thing down where? I don't know what you're talking about."
I play dumb while grinding my hips against her.
"D-Down there! Do you not understand? Y-You know!? Your thing! Could you put it away or make it disappear or something!?"
That's a terrifying request! I can't make my precious partner simply disappear!
Let's assess the situation. Just a man and a woman, in the nude, in the embrace of warm steam in a narrow space... ♪
Naomin's brown skin feels so good pushed right up against mine. I can feel the blood rushing into my dick.
"Huh, I'm sorry? My what? What thing? You gotta use your words properly, or else widdle ol' me's not gonna understand."
"You know, I could always burn that wretched thing to cinders with Hellfire..."
Oh, shit. I forgot that Naomin's a master of fire magic. She's quite capable of purging the world of anything that displeases her.
Even if she doesn't disintegrate me, it'd raise eyebrows if I stumbled out of this place without my eyebrows. Guess I better shut up.
I lightly move my hips back and forth, grinding my shaft against her slit.
"Eeep!? I-I told you not to move! Eep... Ahhh, hey, ah, ahh, quit... Ahhhhh...!"
"Class president, does this shower water seem strange to you? The water down here's kinda slippery for some reason."
She's definitely getting wet down there. It's subtle, probably because the shower's water is mixing in with it, but she's definitely dripping.
Well, I did suddenly appear from nowhere into her shower, and we're both naked. It's only natural I'd get hard and she'd get wet.
"I-It's not getting... slippery... Ahhh, mmgh... Don't be ridiculous... Just shut up already... Haah, mmmgh..."
Hey, I'm just stating the facts. You shut up. You're the one being ridiculous.
I really wanna call her hypocrisy out right now, but perhaps I'll save that for later.
(In any case, these boobs are outrageous...)
I focus on the large lumps of flesh in my palms. They're endlessly heavy and luxuriously soft.
I scoop those suckers up and squeeze their softness. They bounce back against my fingers.
"Eeep! L-Like I said, stop moving... Ahhh... Ahh... Ah... Mmmgh... Mmmmgghh..."
It only takes one squeeze of her breasts to reduce her to writhing her hips and letting out a sweet voice.
(Haah, haah... This is a man's body... How can it be so burly, hot, and sweaty? W-We've never been this close together...)
Her breathing gets rougher and rougher. There's no better feeling than when I rub my shaft against her slippery slit.
"What's this now? You're starting to rub back against me, aren't you...? You're giving me a thighjob right now."
My whispering into her ear makes her pussy suddenly warm up and ooze with honey.
For all I know there might be other girls in the locker room, but it's just Naomin and me in this narrow shower stall.
Now that she's moaning out loud and panting, though, we might get caught.
It seems the same thought has occurred to her as well, as she's desperately trying to keep her voice down.
"Ahh... Ahh... N-Nooo, stop rubbing it against me... I've been telling you to do something about it, haven't I? Mmmgh... Haah..."
"And %i1I've%r been telling you that you need to tell me exactly what you want or I won't understand."
The more I tease her, the more her pussy moistens and heats up. I can tell, as her honey's far hotter than the shower.
"C'mon. Say something or I'll just keep rubbing against you. What'll happen if I rub you here, eh? Class President Stuck-Up?"
I start thrusting my hips back and forth as I speak. I rub my shaft against her soft pussy and her stiff little bean.
"Eeeep! No... Ahh, nooo... D-Don't, mmmgh... Don't touch me there!"
Her shoulders might be cutely squared, but her dark-skinned limbs are already trembling.
There's a nice scent drifting off of her long hair. She must've just finished shampooing.
Her nipples seem more erect, too. While she's acting like she doesn't like it, she must actually be enjoying herself.
(Besides... Mmmgh, she's sopping wet, so her pussy feels incredible!)
The soft valley between her legs is lush with her flowing honey. She bashfully reacts to the slightest stimulation of her clit.
She's raring to go, and I'm also almost at my limit, so I'd love to jam it in right now, but...
(Ah... Ahhhh... It's so hard... If he keeps rubbing this thing between my thighs, there's no way I can resist... Mm... Mmmgh!)
She's not showering me with her usual vitriol, so I'm starting to feel like she's practically inviting me to continue.
She's much meeker than usual. I mean, sure, she's breathing hard, but she's not offering any real resistance.
Maybe she's afraid someone in the locker room will catch us, but in any case, she's not the usual Naomin.
(Yeah, I was expecting more protest, like... 'How dare you touch me, you filthy human man!?' or something.)
She's burning up. Sure, it's hot here in the steamy shower, but I can tell the difference between drops of water and her beading sweat.
(Mmgh... Mmmphh! Wh-Why am I this wet? Ah... Haah... When I'm with this filthy, perverted human man...? Ahhh!)
Is she so distracted by my shaft rubbing against her lower lips and clit that she can't even speak?
The way she's twitching makes her even cuter and more loveable than normal. I'm getting harder just holding her close like this!
"Hey, how's this? Does it feel good to have your pussy rubbed? Does it set your lewd dark elf body on fire?"
"Wha...!? O-Of course not! Mmgh... I've been telling you from the very start to put that... th-that filthy thing away...! Ahhh!"
"Yup, that's exactly what I wanted to hear. Well, as you wish. I'll make this dick disappear right before your eyes!"
I guess with Naomin, things will always come to this.
"Eeep!? Haah, h-hey, what are you doing!? Haah, ahhhh!!"
"...Well, you said to put it away, to hide it, to make it disappear, and so on, right? So I did. You should be thanking me."
"Whaa...? Th-That's not what I meant! Th-This is why... I hate human men... Mmmgh, y-you're all so stupid... Ahh, n-noo!"
Now that Naomin's acting like Naomin again, I'm finally back into my groove.
Teasing her for so long has really turned her on. The moment I stuck it in, she coated me in her sticky honey with an audible squelch.
She probably hopes that the sound of the shower will drown it out, but I can hear it loud and clear.
"Look how wet you are... Did you want it that bad? You're really lewd for a class president."
"S-Shut up... Mmgh, aah... P-Pull it out already... I-I... don't want this, I just... said... no...! Aahhh... Haaah!"
She says something straight out of an anti-drug campaign ad as she pitifully struggles in my arms.
(Mmmgh... H-His hard dick's deep inside me... Haah, haah... It looked so big... and now it's all the way inside me, down to the base...)
She lets out the occasional sweet sigh while squeezing down on my shaft.
Just like always, she's as tight as a virgin. Every squeeze comes harder than the last, until I feel like I'm gonna faint.
(Uggh... If you keep squeezing me like that, I'm gonna cum real soon...)
From the moment I put it in, the urge to explode's been rising. I wanna savor it while it lasts, so I try to endure by distracting myself.
Fortunately, since I'm standing, I'm completely free to move, so I try moving my hips in a spiral.
Her folds coil and squirm about my glans as she drips with honey.
"Whew... Ahhh... Ugh... Haah... Mmmgh... I-It's so big... and deep... Ahh... It's prying me apart... Ahhh, eeep..."
She's normally so steadfast, if somewhat scary. But now, she's panting desperately and moaning while on the verge of tears.
The knowledge that the "serious" class president has been reduced to this state is deeply pleasing.
I focus my strength into my lower body and thrust my dick hilt-deep into her, causing her moans to take on a more desperate tone.
"Ahh... Mmmmgh... Haah... Ahhh... Mmgh, eeep... D-Don't do that... Haaahhh... Ah, ahh, ahhh..."
"Are you enjoying yourself? You're squelching like crazy... Can you hear it?"
"H-How can I hear a thing like that? Mmgh... Ugh... Haah... You're just hearing the shower, obviously... Mmgh, haah, haah..."
"Uh, no, this slipperiness can't be mere water. Feel how hot and foamy it is."
"Wh-Who... haah... would get like that... because of you...? Mmmgh... Ahh... I-It's just not possible... Mmmgh..."
Even if the words from her lips deny it, the lips between her legs are greedily squeezing around me.
Each time her puffy mound meets my groin, waves of indescribable pleasure shoot up my sides and back.
(Mmgh... Ahhh... That's weird... Why is my heart pounding? This human man's doing such unspeakable things to me... Aaahhhh...)
(Wh-Why am I remembering the time that plant monster caught me...? Th-That's weird... That's so weird... Why does it feel so good?)
"C'mon, it feels good, doesn't it? Your pussy's so wet... It's fine, you can admit it, Naomin!"
"Nooo! I'll never admit anything wike that!"
"Huh...?"
She'd been biting her lip to keep her voice down, but after that sudden outburst...
(I-Is that her o-face!? D-D-Does she feel that good!? Whoa, Naomin!!)
Aroused by her unexpected reaction, I put even more force into the thrusts of my hips.
"Eeeeep!? Y-You idiot... I shaid shtop! I dun' wanna feel gooood... Ugh, ah, ahh!"
The ripe, dangling fruits on her chest sway up and down with each thrust I deliver.
I arrest one in my hand to keep it from bouncing, rubbing its pointed tip into the palm of my hand.
"Your nipples are so hard...!"
Feeling how hard her nipples have gotten against my skin makes my head feel numb inside.
To think she's feeling this good... from my dick! That thought alone has every cell in my body jumping for joy.
(Ghh... My body's way too simple. That's probably another reason why Naomin hates human men. Not that she's calm enough to say it now!)
I can tell she's going crazy from the way her feminine folds are sucking up my shaft.
Her pulsing pussy pulls in my prick with every push, causing my precum to seep out from my tip and mix in with her juices.
"Eeeep... Mmgh, mmmgh... S-Shtopp... Why are you doing that!? Pull it out... Ahhh, mmmgh, haah..."
"It feels good, doesn't it? If so, then admit it! It's a win-win situation, you know!?"
"H-How's it a win for you!? Ahhh... Haah... Ahhh, eeep..."
"Because I'm happy when you feel good!"
"Y-You're happy? Why? Wh-Why would that make you happy...? Mmmmgh, ahhh... Eeep, mm, mmmggghhh..."
"Because it means my cock's making you feel good. Of course I'd be happy...! You feel the same way, don't you?"
"You're making me feel crazy good. Doesn't that make you happy?"
"Haaaaahhhh... O-Of coursh not... Ugh, ahhhh... Mmmgh... Gwaah..."
Sweat trickles down her skin fit to rival the shower as sweet moans escape her lips. She's clearly at a loss as to what to do.
(Haah, haah... Wh-Why? I-I'm the class president... and yet I'm letting this man... pleasure me... in such a shameless way... Waahhhh...)
(He's happy when I feel good...!? Just because he says that, it doesn't make me feel any better... Ahhh... Ahhhh...!)
It seems her pleasure is going out of control, for now she's moaning wantonly while writhing her hips seductively.
Her inner walls quake with pleasure, flooding with her love liquids as they learn about the pleasure of being taken by a man.
The two of us indulge in pleasure together as we soak in the spray of the shower overhead.
I exult in the knowledge that she's succumbed to pleasure before me, basking in that manly triumph as I continue to thrust.
"Nngh... Ahh, ahh... Ugh... Haah... You're stirring it around inshide... Mmph, hah, ahh... Mmgh, you're gonna bweak me... Mmmgh!"
I nearly moan out loud every time her throbbing pussy pulses around my cock.
Sometimes I think it'd be nice if my moans were cute like Naomin's... Actually, that'd be kinda gross.
(In any case, she's quite disheveled... She might start going wild any moment now.)
When we started, she was all tense and stiff, but now she's limp and relaxed after having given in to the pleasure.
"Waaaahhhhh... Ahhh, mmmgh... Ahh... Ah, ah, ah, mmmmgh, you're all the way inshide me! You're shpreading me apart!"
She starts to shout in a slurred fashion. While the sound of the shower muffles her voice somewhat, it's still quite loud.
Just a moment ago, she was desperately keeping her voice down out of fear that someone might hear us outside, but now... not so much.
(Haaaah... Ah, ahhh, mm, mmgh... How strong... Haaah... If this keeps up... I'll go crazy...!)
I speed up my thrusting, rubbing my shaft against her insides. Her pussy accepts every stroke, squeezing down even harder.
Her damp, steamy, sweaty dark skin glistens like glazed pottery.
With each thrust, her giant L-cup breasts bounce before my eyes, flinging drops of water into the air until they form a halo around her.
"Haah, eep, ahhh... Mmmgh! Ugh... Haah... M-My pusshy's sho hot! Shtop wubbing me sho hard, or I'm gonna burn up!"
Instead, I allow my cock to go wild inside her, pressing my glans hard against her cervix while shaking my hips in frantic circles.
Each time the tip of my dick strikes her womb, her stiff voice leaks from her lips.
"Wahhh... Ahhhh! Your thick dick's going wild inshide me! It's wubbing me evewywhere! Ahhhh, eep... Waaah... Ahhh..."
I can feel her start to buck back boldly against me. It's as if her body has taken the reins away from her mind.
Body to body, we both bask in our mutual pleasure together in that narrow shower stall.
(Ah... Haah... He's twitching, he's throbbing inside me! M-My body's turning him on! I'm making him cum...!)
(Mmmgh! I-I'm going crazy! I definitely am! Why does this make me so happy? Why am I so happy that he's cumming inside me!?)
Her heated exhalations only serve to add to the steamy heat of the shower.
I'm gasping for breath, but I never once stop thrusting for dear life.
"Mmmph! Ah... Ahhh, I-I'm throbbing all over... Mmgh, ahhh... I-It's like I can't contwol my own body... Ahh, mmgh... Mmmgggh..."
As her pleasure climbs, I accelerate my movements. By now, not even the shower can suppress the sounds of our obscene squelching.
"I can't hold back any longer...! I'm gonna cum, okay, Naomin!?"
I give her that warning as I enter the homestretch.
"Eeeep, a-amashing! You're thrushting wike cwazy! Wah, ahh, ahh, ahhhh, I-I can't, eeeek!!"
I brace my glans against the entrance of her womb before unleashing my surging cloudy white release.
"Eeep!? Wah... Ahhh... Ahhh, noo... Eeep! So much hot shtuff's flowing into my pusshy!"
"Wheewww, nooo... Ahhh, ah, I'm cumming, mmmgh, I'm cummingggg! Mmmpph, aaaahhh, ahhhhhhh!!"
She convulses conspicuously in climax within the confined quarters.
"Ah...!"
(Whoa... She's cumming like crazy...! She's like, pride incarnate, and yet my dick's disheveled her to this degree...!)
Her climax awakens my arousal anew as I savor the sight of such a proud dark elf surrendering to sexual ecstasy.
"Don't you dare think this is the end! We're only getting started!"
Even as the pleasant afterglow from our first round begins to set in, I start grinding my hips once again.
"Eeep!? What!? Why awen't you shtopping? Ahhh... Haah, eeep! Wh-Whaddaya think you're doing? Mmmgh!"
Sweat falls in sheets off of her skin, dripping down the drain.
Honestly, as much as I'd like to take a break for a bit, I feel that I need to make the most of this moment while it lasts.
She's simply so cute that she makes me wanna indulge in her delights. That's all that I can think of right now.
I can feel how hard she's cumming just from the heat radiating from her skin. I can't take it any longer!
"Nooo! Shtop alweady! Don't moooove! Haah, nooo... I can't... Eeeep! Mmmmmggh, aaahhhhh!!"
Her honeypot definitely climaxed already, but it seems to be rejoicing at how my cock's still hard and moving once again.
Her throbbing, constricting pussy pulls my cock deeper in.
Is this the feminine instinct to force as much semen into the womb as possible?
(Are dark elves just naturally lewd? Are they so desperate for heirs that their bodies just suck up seed...?)
Naomin might not know it, but her body clearly craves cum.
"Eeeek... Mmgh, eep... Mmmgh... Haah... Noo... Any more... and my mind's gonna fly away..."
"Hey, Naomin, your pussy's amazing when you cum, you know?"
After I whisper into her pointy ear, she turns just enough to give me an ambiguous look.
She's way more sweaty than me. Her deep red face is slack and relaxed, almost like she's melting with pleasure.
Shit... She's just so damn cute!!
So cute, in fact, that I just wanna hold her like this forever.
"Your pussy's sucking onto my dick and won't let go! You love it so much that you just gotta cling to it, huh?"
"D-Don't wie wike dat! Mmph... Mm, mgh... Even if heaven and earth turned upshide down, I'd never admit it! Ahhh, mmgh... Haah..."
The higher of her mouths might deny it, but the lower is replying more honestly with how strongly it's reacting.
The way it wrings my cock makes me feel as though I'll faint. It's like she's trying to smother me!
"Eeep... Eeeek! Mmgh, ahhh... M-My pusshy's tingling... Mmph, hah, haaah, i-it'sh incwedible..."
When I plunge my rigid shaft in and out of her pussy, my glans scoops out some of my previous load, causing her to leak my white liquid.
Fortunately for us, the shower immediately washes away the overflowing fluids.
The slurry of semen and love juices drips down our legs and down the drain.
As my swollen cock melts into her, she falls into the endless abyss of pleasure, her body writhing.
So girls get like this when overwhelmed with pleasure, huh? That's quite impressive, actually.
"Haah... Ahh, haah... Ahhh, ahhh... Ahhh... I'm losing my mind... Haah... Ahh... Your dick's going wild inshide me... Mmmgh!"
Every time I hit my hilt against her mound, it makes her voice leak pitifully from her lips.
Maybe it's because we're in the shower, but her body's really relaxed. She's not stiff anywhere at all.
It feels as though she's completely surrendered herself to me, a thought that makes both happy and horny.
"Mmmmghh... It feels incredible..."
I let that slip without thinking, but for just a moment, it seems like it made Naomin smile happily.
"Ahhh... Th-Then feel... even better... I-I'll keep stwoking you off... with my pusshy... Aaahhh...!"
"Wait, no... No... Forget I said that! I was joking! I'm not thinking anything wike dat at all! I'm not...!"
"Yeah, I got it. Yup, let's just leave it at that, Naomin."
Looks like her mixed feelings are confusing her. I guess her facade's starting to crumble.
"Well, I'll just keep going, then! Mmph, mmph, mmph!"
I can feel her stubborn heart melting bit by bit.
Deep down she wants to drown in pleasure, but her pride prevents her... That seems to be her inner conflict right now.
I hold her tight and forcibly slam my hips against hers, stirring her already softened honeypot with my shaft.
"Eeeeeek! Y-You're violating my inshides! Ahh, mmph... Mmmgh, m-my mind's on fire, mmgh... I don't know what's what anymore!"
"I don't know either, so that makes two of us! Don't worry about it! Just give in and bask in the pleasure!"
"Eeep... Mm, ah... Haah... Eeeep! Mmmph, I-I'm cumming again...! I can feel it... I'm gonna cum again!"
As her pussy approaches orgasm once more, it clamps down tight around my glans, sending pleasure shooting through my entire body.
"Eeeep! I'm... cumming... Waaaahhh, I'm cumming! It feels good! So gooood! Ahhhh, I'm cumminnnnngggg!!"
The sound of her sweet voice makes my shaft start to throb.
"Oh... Ohhh... I'm gonna cum... Mgh, mmgghhhh!"
"Ahhhhh! I'm cumminggggg!!"
As I unleash my boiling lust, her lower lips spray out a clear fluid.
"Ahhhhh, It feelsh way too gooood! I'm cumming, I'm cumming, wheww, mm, mmmggh! Uuggghh, I can't shtop cumminggg!!"
Her powerful orgasm causes her to writhe and tremble all over. She squirts intermittently as her lower body convulses.
Once her intense, body-shaking orgasm subsides, she finally calms down and catches her breath.
"Haah... Haah... Haah... Haah... Haaaaaah..."
I can't help but stare down at the generous puddle of her squirt across the shower's floor.
She leans limply against my chest, so I have to hold her tight and support her to keep her from falling.
"Naomin, are you okay?"
"Haah... Haah... Ahhh... I-I feel... sho hot... The blood's rushed to my head... because of the shower... and your cock... Aahhh..."
She lets out warm, intoxicated sighs. Too dizzy to stand, she collapses against me.
While she finally said the naughty words I wanted to hear from her, she probably won't remember a thing.
I gather my thoughts as I rinse her off in the shower and tidy up her disheveled hair.
...Wait a second. How am I supposed to get out of here!?
