みぞれ
深雪
炎厨矢
"Mmn, hahhn... Nn, hahh..."
"Ahhn! Hahhn, ahn, ahhhnn!"
A certain mother and daughter's moans ring out across a great expanse of ice... By which I mean a skating rink.
Mizore-chan and her mother Miyuki-san are famous across the magical world as champion figure skaters.
Today, I was invited out on a skating date with them. It seems Miyuki-san is a little concerned about her daughter's choice of boyfriend.
I don't know if that's the truth or just a convenient situation my Ero-Magic has cooked up, but I certainly wanted to meet her.
What certainly is Ero-Magic is the fact that our ice-skating class has suddenly turned into a "Mother-Daughter Face-Sitting Class"!
So that's how I've found myself in the middle of the rink, feeling like an ice-resurfacer being ridden by two busty beauties.
"Hahh, hahh... I'm going to really give you a good assessment, to see if you're a good partner for Mizore... Mmn, ahhn!"
If you're looking for skating skills, I think you're testing the wrong part of me... Is what I'd say if I wasn't enjoying her pussy so much.
"Ahn... Ahhhn! Mmn, mmnph!"
(God, she's so tight, you'd think she was a virgin... And so warm you wouldn't think she was a snow girl!)
We've only just started, and already her pussy is gushing with hot love juices.
"Ahh, Takumi-oniichan... You're sho good at licking... Ahn, hahn, ahhhnn!"
Mizore-chan is straddling my face, and fidgeting on top of me as my tongue works inside of her slit.
Her completely hairless pussy is as smooth and squishy as ice cream.
"Hahh, hahhn... Mmn... Ahn, ahhhn!"
Miyuki-san really must have had Mizore-chan young to have maintained such an amazingly slender waist.
Not that there's anything slender about her big, motherly hips and ass, of course.
"You can ride me harder if you really want to, you know?"
"Ahhn... I-I shouldn't, but... My hips just won't stop... Hahhn!"
"Ahhn! Takumi-oniichan's cock looks like it's making you feel really good, Mama... Haahhn...!"
"Hahh, hahhh, how are you liking it, Miyuki-san? I haven't even tried this Womb-Busting Triple Axel on Mizore-chan yet!"
I only just thought up that dumb name, but luckily she's too busy feeling my cock thrusting deep up into her to notice.
Mizore-chan pouts in jealousy.
"Mmmnnn! W-Wow... It's reaching all the way to the entrance of my womb! Ahhn! And it's twisting inside me!"
I don't think it would be physically possible without Ero-Magic, but my cock is stimulating her pussy walls almost as if it's spinning.
Her enthusiasm makes a pleasant change from some of the other girls around here who pretend not to enjoy it!
"And now for the big finish!"
I drive up into her so that my shaft grinds along her most sensitive spots as my tip makes its way to the entrance of her womb.
"Ahn, ahhhn, mmnnn!"
Mizore-chan jealously presses her pussy against my face.
I stick my tongue out far enough to slide inside her twitching entrance, and lick around in circles.
"I-I'm cumming too! I'm cumminngg! Ahahhhn!"
"Ahhn, yes, right there! Ahn, ahn, ahhn! AHAHHNN!"
My cock erupts with a torrent of thick cum. Miyuki-san collapses on top of me, waves of pleasure reverberating through her.
"Ahhhn... I've never felt anything this hot... Ahhhn!"
"Hahh, hahhn... I want to pair up with Takumi-oniichan next! Please!"
She looks at her mother pleadingly.
"Ahhn... Do you have the energy for another performance, Takumi-kun? Even after the first routine, you look like you're raring to go. Ahahhn!"
She seems surprised just how much stamina I have, but that's Ero-Magic, baby!
"Ahhhn! Takumi-oniichan, you know all my most sensitive spots... Hahhn!"
I push my tongue deep inside of her and swirl it around, slurping down her overflowing love juices.
Her smooth little slit is so adorable that I could eat it forever. With this sitting on my face, both my arousal and my cock are growing.
"Ahn! Ahhn, mmnn!"
"Ahhn, your cock is amazing, Takumi-kun... It feels like even my clit is dancing! Hyahhn!"
I rock my hips in a circle as I thrust, making Miyuki-san throw her head back and wildly swing her long hair.
"Ahn, ahn, ahn! What a wonderful spiral! You're making my pussy so slippery!"
Her pussy juices are sprinkling from her entrance like sparkling snow falling on the ice.
"Ahhn, yes, your cock is dancing around inside me! More, more! Ahahhn!"
"Hahh, hahhn, Miyuki-san! Get ready to score this one!"
"Hahhhn, this feels too good! Don't tease me anymore! I can't stop!"
She arches her slender back so much that she ends up with her hands propping her up on the ice.
Her eyes glaze over as she seems to almost pass out from the feeling of me letting loose inside her.
"Ahahhn, my pussy is so full! Hahhhn!"
She looks down in shock.
It seems like my Ero-Magic has made me pour so much cum into her she almost looks like she's pregnant!
Nice one, Ero-Magic! A threesome fertile freestyle performance!
"Hahhn... I'm going to be a big sister!? Ahhn!"
"Ahn! Oh my, I really got pregnant!? Ahahhnn!"
Her pussy is twitching and squirming in joy.
Every time I drive my cock inside her, her walls squeeze me as if massaging my shaft.
"Ahhn, ahhnn! Mmmnph!"
I slam deep with every thrust, kissing the entrance to her "pregnant" womb.
She may not really be pregnant, but the thought of putting a baby in such a beautiful MILF is so gloriously taboo that it's driving me wild.
Even though she's "pregnant," she's making a face like a cock-loving pervert...
%150;It's so damn sexy!
"You're riding me so hard, Miyuki-san!"
"Ahhn, your cock is reaching all the way inside me... I feel like I'm flying when you thrust! Ahahhn!"
"This isn't fair, Takumi-oniichan... I want more too... Hahhn!"
Mizore-chan pouts, instinctively jealous of her mother.
"Well, in that case, I'll just have to give your smooth little pussy a lick too, won't I? *slurp*!"
"Ahn! Mmmn! Ahn, ahn... Ahahhnn!"
Her pert ass dances above my face while I swirl my tongue through her slit.
Her almost kitten-like moans make my cock twitch.
"Hahhn! Ahn, hahhn... Aahhnn!"
Miyuki-san's pussy is twitching and clenching so much you'd think she was about to go into labor... Another image that makes my cock throb.
"Ahhhn! I'm cumming again! I'm sorry for being such a dirty mama, Mizore! I'm cumminngggg! HAHHHNN!"
"Ahhn, I'm cumming too! AHAHHHN!"
Miyuki-san's pussy walls squeeze my shaft as I fill up her belly with even more thick cum.
"Ahhn, noooo... Don't look... Ahahhn!"
She shakes at the sensation of the hot liquid making her bulge even bigger.
"Hahhn, hahhn... Mama came again... Hahhn..."
She slumps on top of me, her body twitching with the aftershocks of orgasm.
"Hahh, hahhn... Takumi-oniichan... Next time, I want to feel your triple axel inside of me..."
Her pussy is still leaking sweet nectar all over my face, but she's already sweetly pleading to be next.
I'm definitely going to triple axel her and leave her in a Russian split!
And thus our three— Err, skating routine comes to an end.
