フィー
ミャウ
リディア
炎厨矢
英玲奈
"Ja, ja, ja, ja, ¡a almorzar! ¡A almorzar!".
The sun shines warmly in the academy courtyard.
My stomach is empty after all those morning classes, but the atmosphere is significantly more tense than usual.
Myau, the source of the tension, rushes toward me with a lunchbox, her pink hair swaying as she comes.
"Takumi-san, I made a crab croquette to show my love for you! Even Mr. Ramsey would be jealous!"
A crab croquette! Such a maid dragon thing to make! I thought she was useless, but perhaps she's practical after all.
I've got no idea who Mr. Ramsey is, but Myau looks like a cute little kitten as she pitches her cooking to me.
It sure %i1looks%r good. Microwaves don't exist here, but somehow it's steaming hot.
Upon asking her if she heated it up with magic, she timidly replies, "With love"...
I'll be sure to properly %i1thank%r her later.
"This looks great! Om nom nom... Mmm, yeah, not bad. I'll give it three stars!"
Myau seems overjoyed at my lackluster praise of her cooking. I give her a pat on the head for trying hard.
"Anyway, Myau, what crabs were they?"
"Tadaa! The deliciously fatty Afrohair Crabs!"
%150; "Whoa!" 
Her huge smile is in stark contrast to these stunning visuals...
"Err, M-Myau-san, excuse my ignorance, but I've never seen such a crab before..."
"They're crabs with enchanted hair. Deeelish!"
"Ahh... Enchanted... hair? Heh. They sure don't %i1look%r that great. You didn't enchant it with your fire breath, did you?"
I wonder what other strange creatures they have in this world...
Anyway, it may not look great, but it tastes divine.
"Hey Myau, it was nice and all, but could you go with a normal crab next time? And make it look normal too."
"Hmm... I'll try to win your heart over with shrimp next time!"
Meanwhile, my well-endowed childhood friend, Erena, comes along and gleefully hands me another lunchbox.
"I made you a leek and liver stir fry..."
"Aha... Leek and liver? Is that your signature dish? Definitely different, I'll give you that."
"I know it doesn't look like much, but I hope it tastes good..."
I do hope it tastes good... But her comment about its appearance makes me curious.
"Did you cook this in your witch's cauldron? Haha."
"Wh-What if I did? W-Would that be a problem...?"
Oops. Guess she didn't find that as funny as I did. It tastes great, I promise!
"Senpai, I made you some shumai! I even made the skin myself."
"I-I made some rolled egg... E-Enjoy!"
"Om nom nom... It's all so good..."
I scarf down everyone's food like a squirrel before hibernation.
"Om nom nom nom! *choke*..."
I stuff my face desperately as to not offend anyone, but it's too much.
Phee and Lydia-chan look at me rather worriedly while Erena-san quietly sits back drinking tea.
Just as I'm on the brink of choking to death, I feel a new skill enter my subconscious.
Ero-Magic is my only hope for survival! And if now is my time to die, I'd rather go down in style!
I chant the new Ero-Magic skill like a desperate prayer!
"Here, drink some water."
I hear Erena's voice as she tries to give me some water in a cup, but...
"Oh, thanks! Huh!?"
Instead, Erena's soft lips meet mine.
"Mmngh... Mwah... Mmmgh, mlln, mwah!"
All right, that's certainly better than water! Though, I fear she may suffocate me even more with her steamy kisses.
Fortunately, the Ero-Magic made all of us naked!
Each time Erena's soft nipples rub against mine, my lower body reacts with such pleasure that it's almost painful.
"Aaaaaah!"
"Yaaahn! Senpai!"
"Huhh!?"
The three first-year girls watch on as they rage with envy.
"That blasted witch, just because she's his childhood friend! Evil hag!"
"Hehe, me being a witch has nothing to do with it. It's because we're childhood sweethearts! ♪"
Erena's "childhood sweethearts" hit my sweet spot! Besides, she took Myau's insult like a boss.
"She's going to finish him off fast at this rate... I have to do something!"
Sorry, Myau! I don't think I can resist Erena's melty kisses for much longer!
"Takumi-san, let's eat my croquette together! ♪"
You too!?
"Me too! Say aaahh! ♪ Om nom nom... Mwah! Nngh..."
Without any reason to refuse, I gladly eat Myau's croquette from her mouth.
"Mmmngh, mwah..."
I never knew kissing while eating could be so arousing!
After the crispy texture of the croquette comes Myau's soft tongue, which quickly wraps around mine.
"Takumi-san... Mwah... Mmmngh... Nnh, mlln..."
Even Lydia-chan, who doesn't seem all that sexually inclined, can't help but join in.
"I-I'm next! Here, try my shumai next! Mmmngh!"
Woah! I now have three ladies' voluptuous breasts brushing suggestively against my chest.
"Hahm, Hahm... Mmmngh, nngh... Mwah!"
"Mmmngh, nngh... Mlln..."
Even the innocent Lydia-chan is willing to use shumai as a pretense to get a taste of my lips.
Lydia-chan kisses me passionately as she pushes her breasts against me. I'm starting to feel dizzy!
"M-Me too, senpai... Try my r-rolled egg! Aaaaaah!"
Phee is unable to sit idly by as she watches Lydia-chan and the others. I enjoy her rolled egg as much as I do her lips.
"Mmmngh... Mlln, nnngh... Haaahn, Senpai... Mmmngh!"
"Hahm, nnngh... Mwah, mlln... Mwah!"
Phee is normally quite a modest girl, but the Ero-Magic seems to have multiplied her French kissing skills.
"Takumi-san, I kinda want to try your %i1sausage%r! ♪"
"You what!?"
Myau looks at me with seductive eyes and shifts her gaze to my hot, bulging %i1sausage%r before licking it like a dog in heat.
"...*slurrp* *lick* *slurp*... Mwah!"
Woah, Myau... That's awesome! Is she using her saliva too, or is that the Ero-Magic's handiwork!?
"Hnngh... Mlln, mwah, mwahh... Mmmmngh, hahmm... *slurp*..."
"Aaaaaahh..."
I unwittingly give off a pitiful sound in response to Myau's unbelievable blowjob.
My reaction makes Myau seem to really want to gobble my cock in its entirety with all the saliva she can muster.
"You look like you're enjoying yourself... Hahmm..."
Don't bite my ear, you booby witch! A-Actually, feel free!
My cock is in heavenly bliss deep in Lydia-chan's throat as Erena-san, the booby witch, bites my ear.
Her long, thin tongue licks at my ear hole as she scratches my nipples lightly with her nails.
You'd better stop now, or I'll say something I regret, Erena-sama!
"Aaahn... I c-cannot forsake my duty as a s-succubus!"
Seeing Erena and Myau pleasuring me, Lydia-chan joins in with everything she's got.
"Senpai, y-you're being attacked by evil d-demons! I must p-protect you!"
But I like this evil demon attack, Phee!
"Hahmm... I must... Hahmm... Save you from the evil demons... Hahmm, *slurp*..."
Phee licks and sucks on my nipples in a feeble attempt to save me.
Kh... That's my second-most sensitive part! This is one hell of a party!
When did she get so good with her little tongue, anyway!? It feels so good each time she licks me.
"How can you blame us!? Takumi-san's brawny cock would turn any woman into an evil demon! Mmmngh..."
Myau retorts Phee's accusations and sucks on my tip like candy.
Her dragon tongue is thinner and more nimble than the other girls'. It reaches into places I've never felt before.
"...*lick*, mmmngh... Mwah, mwah... *slurp* *lick*, mlln..."
Snap... It feels so good that I instinctively thrust.
"Allow me, Senpai... I'm a succubus! Mwah, mlln... Mmmmmngh!"
I allow the succubus to pleasure me as she desires.
Lydia-chan's erect nipples brush against my thighs, putting me on cloud nine.
"Mwwahh, mlln, nnngh... *lick*... Nngh, mmmmngh..."
"Mmmngh, mwah... *lick*, mwah, *slurp*... Nnngh, nnh... *slurp* *shlurrp*..."
"Ughh, nnnhh... Hnnghh, chh... Whoa!"
It's like I'm feeding four chicks in a nest, but with my manly flesh.
In the end, most lunches ended up with me being consumed rather than the lunches themselves! ♪
