ナオミン
炎厨矢
"Hey, Naomin... Are you sure we'll be okay?"
"Hmph, you don't have to worry about a thing. I'll burn the Cephatolus to ashes with Fireball and Magic Missile."
"Uh, no, I'm not worried about monsters... I'm worried that we're lost."
"Ugh... O-Of course we're not lost!"
"You sound pretty confident for someone who can't navigate her way out of a paper bag."
Today I've been paired up with Naomin, my dark elf classmate, for a practice quest.
Naomin's got Wizard-class magical power, at least in terms of attack magic. A competitive spirit blazes within her eyes.
She's our proud, strong-willed class president. Her dark skin, pointy ears, and long, silky hair all mark her as a dark elf.
The monster we're hunting is a Cephatolus; a large, carnivorous plant.
Since it's a plant, it should be weak against fire, and it shouldn't be particularly strong either. That much seems fine and dandy, but...
(This girl's been bragging that she practically owns the forest, but she's got no sense of direction...)
Maps in this world are unreliable. I mean, seriously, we'd be better off leaving a trail of breadcrumbs.
And Naomin only makes matters worse...
"Wh-Wh-What's with that look in your eyes? The forest is like my backyard! Of course we'll be fine!"
"I don't wanna get a game over just from getting stranded in the forest, okay...?"
I should've known better... She even gets lost on campus. What made me think she'd be fine in a forest?
On top of that, she's rather harsh to me... Or perhaps she's like this with all human men.
"Haah... Why must I team up with a human man? I wanna get this over with already and go home."
From what I heard, it's because a human boy teased her at the academy she went to before she entered Yggdrasil Girls' Magical Academy.
As I recall that rumor, I can't help but stare at Naomin's ass as she walks in front of me.
(Damn, that outfit... It's basically showing off the shape of her ass!)
With each step of her long legs, her big bubble butt boldly bounces. I'd rather hunt %i1that%r monster, thank you.
"Hmm? H-Hey, what do you think you're looking at!?"
Her hands fly over her ass. Her flustered face is so much cuter than her usual, dignified look in uniform.
"I see you're still a shameless pervert! This is why I hate humans!"
"H-Hey, I don't wanna be called a pervert by someone dressed like that!"
I'm not complaining, but how is such a revealing outfit supposed to protect her body if it can't even block my gaze...?
"Shut up! Despite what you might think, this outfit has a high defense stat! I've never met a more perverted human than you!"
"If you bounce that sexy ass in front of me, I'm going to look at it. Simple as that."
"Fine. How about I seal your eyes with magic so that you'll never open them again?"
Naomin-san chuckles ominously as she looks at me.
"I-I'm sorry... Please, anything but that!"
Dammit... No need to bust out the magic. I was just playing...
That would be totally overkill.
(Dammit! I won't let you humiliate me like that! The next time my Ero-Magic activates, I'll get back at you a thousand times!)
...To settle the matter, I walk up front with my enemy perception skill activated.
"You've got no room to call me a pervert when you're walking around in an outrageous outfit like that."
"Did you say something?"
"I didn't say anything. Now, if you could please stop shooting fireballs behind me? It's getting hot."
We exchange that sort of banter as we keep walking. Eventually...
"Hmm? This reaction..."
My skill suddenly picks up an evil, sinister enemy presence.
Our enemy lurks in the dark thicket ahead. Guess the practice quest finally starts in earnest now.
"Naomin! There's an enemy presence up ahead!"
"Is that where the Cephatolus is? Ah, hey, wait a sec! That's..."
"Huh? Ah, wait, something's wrong!"
"Huh!? It's reacting... Eeeeep!!"
Vines suddenly shoot out from the thicket, tying her up in the blink of an eye.
