リディア
炎厨矢
？？？
"Whoa!"
You find me, dear reader, speeding around at the speed of sound, like some kind of spinny blue... porcupine thing.
(Of all the days, I absolutely can't be late now!)
The kind of punishment you get for messing up in this world makes the discipline from the world I'm from look like fun.
Violate enough school rules and you'll end up in the kind of situation you only usually see in the seediest of pervy games.
I'm a sadist, not a masochist. That's not the kind of thing I'm here to get into.
The thought alone is enough to sharpen all of my reflexes...
(OUT OF MY WAY, MOTHERFUCKERS!)
Given that this is a girls' school, I'm unlikely to run into anything like a slime or a golem.
If anything, I might end up turning a corner and coming face-to-face with a girl with toast in her mouth.
At that moment, I do turn such a corner...
"Huh!?"
Hmm, this is a strange sensation. I've slammed right into what feels like a pair of beautifully soft car airbags, and yet they smell so sweet...
"S-Sorry! Are you okay? I'm, err, feeling a little woozy, so I'm just going to stay here for a moment..."
I say, exploring the marshmallow heaven within my hands.
"Ahhhn! T-Takumi-senpai... Hahhn!"
"Oh, Lydia-chan! Good morning. Completely didn't see you there... Boobityboobityboobity."
"Hahh! G-Good morning... Ahn!"
She does her best to greet me as she always does, even as she's obviously getting aroused by my sexy salutation.
There's something so adorable about the vulnerability in her moans. You'd never think she was a succubus born to swallow down semen.
It makes me come over all sadistic, and my hands naturally start teasing her.
"Ahhhn! S-Stop!"
They're so soft and squishy between my fingers.
Her skin has such a beautiful elasticity that I'm already entranced.
Every time I squeeze them, she quivers so cutely.
She seems embarrassed, but she can't resist her succubus instincts.
(Is this girl seriously younger than me? She's got the body of a sex goddess! Even her face is so youthful...)
Are all succubi like this? If so, slap my ass and condemn me to an eternity in hell.
"Huh?"
Hmm... Even though she's obviously getting turned on, I can't feel her nipples getting hard.
(Hang on... She's got inverted nipples!?)
Of course she does! It makes sense that a succubus would have the lewdest type of nipples of all!
And what's more... Why do my hands feel so warm and wet!?
"Wow, your tits are already leaking milk!"
"Ahhhn, d-don't say that! I-It's embarrassing... Ahn!"
She's a real cutie, AND she's spraying milk all over the place!?
Naturally, this has my cock standing to attention in my pants in an instant.
I wish I could juggle these jubblies all day, but if I'm late for class I'll be thrown in the slammer.
"So, I'd love to spend all day with these tetas titánicas, but I've got places to be! Adiós!"
I throw my jacket over my shoulder like the most badass, boob-fiend, anime protagonist that I'm absolutely not.
I turn away, but I hear Lydia-chan awkwardly call out behind me.
"Umm... Takumi-senpai... There was something I wanted to talk to you about."
"Oh, and what is that?"
"I... I want..."
"You want what? My ginormous donger? You don't even need to ask..."
"E-Err, no... I wanted you to meet me after school, in my classroom... Will you?"
"Umm, well, of course."
"Th-Thank you very much. Well, I'll see you then."
"Si, si! Adios, amigo! Los Pollos Hermanos! Cervantes de Leon!"
I bid farewell to Lydia-chan in utterly immaculate Spanish.
I wonder what she could want, though? I'm really curious.
She's so cute and nervous... And what looks like an O-cup to boot!
I sprint for the classroom with my head full of obscene thoughts...
I just about make it in time, sparing myself a world of pain.
"Hmm, so this is the first-years' classroom, right?"
After school, I come to her class as requested.
Hmm, a classroom used exclusively by first year girls... I think I'm entirely within my rights to give the seats a good sniff, ahem.
I immediately switch into "pervert left alone in a women's changing room" mode.
(Oh yeah, I was here for a reason, wasn't I? It couldn't be... she's going to confess to me!?)
I mean, her boobs really are incredible, but I'm not the kind of man who can be tied down to one girl. But... her boobs really are incredible...
While I'm standing fantasizing, I hear a squeak like some kind of tiny animal behind me.
There's something very familiar about it. I turn around, and find a girl with really incredible boobs.
"T-Takumi-senpai... Thank you so much for coming. I was worried you wouldn't..."
She looks ready to cry just because I turned up.
"Of course I came! Who could resist the urge to see your pretty face?"
"S-So, um... This is embarrassing, but..."
She's gone as red as a tomato.
"Hmm?"
"Err, well, I-I-I, umm... I wanted to p-p-practice... practice kissing with you!"
"Hmm, well, that seems like an entirely reasonable reque— WHAAAAAAT!?"
Practicing kissing? Like, doing lots and lots of kissing?
That's not the kind of thing you deliberately "practice"! This isn't juggling, or fighting games!
"Oh... I should have known you wouldn't want a nervous, quiet girl like me..."
I shake my head so hard my brains might just spill out my ears.
"N-No way! I'd love to kiss a cute, innocent girl like you!"
"Why me, though?"
I'm a little confused, but she fills me in—her mother has told her that, in order to become a good succubus, she needs to put in some work.
And succubi only attack men, so as the only guy in school... I guess I'll have to be the subject of her erotic practice.
I wouldn't want to leave her to some random guy after all. As a true gentleman, I will allow myself to be a sacrifice to this sexy demon.
"I see... In that case, eat away!"
"I-Is it really okay?"
"I swear on your boobs' life!"
At that moment, I feel my Ero-Magic kick in.
"Lip Service"! Soft and plump, pink intertwined, make my lips just blow her mind!
What a fantastic skill to coincidentally be given!
