ミャウ
炎厨矢
"Takumi-saaan! Are you awake?"
Wha? Myau... How can someone even be that energetic first thing in the morning...?
She's fidgeting beside my bed in an attempt to wake me from my slumber.
Unbeknownst to her, I'm already awake, but I decide to tease her a little and pretend not to hear her.
"Good mooorning! ♪"
Well, that's not stopping her. If anything, she seems to be enjoying this little game.
"You're going to be late... Come on, wake up, sleepy head."
"Mmph... Just five more minutes, Myau, please... I'm really more of a night owl, y'know...? C'mon..."
"Ah, wait! Takumi-san, you're seriously going to be late... Ah, eek!"
If she's gonna make all that noise by my bed, she can darn well do so %i1in%r my bed too. Reflexively, I pull her toward me.
My bed is quickly filled with her sweet, feminine fragrance, which quickly rouses my buddy downstairs.
"Then let's be late together."
"Wh-Whaaat? T-Takumi-san!"
She protests, but I can tell this is exactly what she wants.
She gives up and puts her arms around my neck, and we spend some quality time kissing in bed.
"Pheeew, made it in the nick of time..."
My hands have longed for the silkiness of Myau's breasts since the last time I touched them, and that softness occupies much of my mind.
But we really were going to be late, so I hitched a ride on the back of Myau in dragon form and somehow kept clear of Naomin's lightning.
"Seriously though, why do we have to clean at this hour?"
Cleaning is totally the perfect time for magic! But alas, we're not supposed to use magic here.
According to Myau, anyway. But then, she's some kind of freak who actually enjoys cleaning.
It feels like those lame rules in a sports club, but not unlike a dojo, I guess you need rules in a place like this too.
"Hmm?"
Just as I'm lost in thought I feel the familiar presence of the Ero-Magic.
"Wha-!? Panties-less Cleaning!?"
I finally know where it is I'll be doing my cleaning, and it's certainly not going to be a dull chore!
I start chanting the Ero-Magic as I watch her clean, holding her skirt and blushing.
