炎厨矢
英玲奈
Since coming to this world, the time spent alone in my bedroom is by far the most boring.
In my previous world, I had several ways to kill time, like video games, my laptop, my smartphone, and the internet. But here...
In this world, being a shut-in is pure suffering.
Sitting in front of me is a crystal ball. These are quite common in this world.
"If you get held back because you can't even learn basic skills, but blame the school for not being able to teach you..."
"And then you burn down the school with your virgin self inside, I'll have trouble sleeping."
Erena said this when giving me this crystal ball.
"Don't change the setting to make me a virgin for life!"
Also, wait! Does our recent Ero-Training not count?
...
......
While accepting Erena's extremely frank abuse— no, her concern—I signed up for a class using the crystal ball. However...
With my paltry abilities, it's impossible to see faraway objects or events from the distant past like Ellen-sensei can.
But... maybe I should peek a bit more while I practice before I return the crystal ball to Erena.
"Hmm. For now, let's look at the girls' changing room, or a stall in the girls' bathroom from a low angle."
Thinking only gentlemanly thoughts, I move my hands over the crystal ball as Ellen-sensei did in class.
However, I can't just suddenly operate it like I would pilot a mech. All I see in the crystal ball is my face staring back at me.
"I'll say it like a cheesy light novel title..."
"That time a girl in a sexy outfit appeared in a crystal ball and adorably scolded me by saying, 'We won't show naughty things,' and I was happy!"
"I was hoping it would work, but I should have expected it wouldn't..."
I'm in the middle of enjoying my delusions when...
"Huh!?"
The crystal ball emits a light, and I once again feel a new Ero-Magic welling up inside me.
An image like an RPG status screen appears in my head, and I can read up on the details of this Ero-Magic.
"So that's how it is... This is a wicked skill that will let me, a gentleman, really enjoy myself!"
My perverted excitement rises rapidly as I read the explanation of the skill.
With no hesitation, I follow the strong will of my lower head and activate the "Pervert Crystal."
