カトレーヌ
ロレーヌ
二人
炎厨矢
Wow, these T-cups really are huge... Wait, aren't they a little too big!?
No, hang on... It's me that's too small! What is this? That movie where they shrink the kids!?
"My, you're so cute... ♪ I didn't think Catherine's boyfriend would turn out to be so tiny. That's so adorable! Good boy, good boy..."
"Hahhn, Takumi-kun... You're even cuter than normal! Seeing you like this is making my heart race... Mmmn!"
Thanks to my Ero-Magic, my body has ended up in the exact perfect form to stimulate these two busty beauties' maternal instincts.
I'm completely normal on the inside, but, my outer appearance would probably get this game banned from a certain gas-based content platform.
It's a good job I've come to Catherine's mom Lorraine-san's magical school "Shotakovich Academy," then.
It's set up pretty much like an elementary school, despite being technically part of her church. I'm not exactly here to learn, however...
(The staff uniforms here, though... Is this really a place of worship!? I mean, for anyone but titty worshippers!?)
The women working here all have to wear cute aprons over a scandalously short dress, and little name badges.
Even Catherine-senpai is wearing the outfit...
Hang on, when did she put that on? Did my Ero-Magic do that? I love you, you super-convenient, salacious sorcery!
I'm just a little kid, sandwiched between a big-titted mother-daughter duo... Can I stay here forever?
They're both burying my head in their boobs. I want to wallow in this marshmallow heaven so much I'd let them suffocate me!
"Hehe, you're so cute. And from the way you're rubbing against my titties, you're a greedy boy too... Hehe! ♪"
I can't help myself. It's like Mt. Everest gave birth to Mt. Fuji here... Mammoth milk mountains all round!
"Hahhn, you're such a good boy. Go on, suck as much as you like. Do you like Mommy's boobies?"
"I love them!"
"Then drink up and grow into a big, strong boy. ♪ Hahh, yes, suck even harder! Mmmn, ahnn!"
Her boobs are so weighty and full of milk.
They're a lot like Catherine-senpai's, but with just a little of that alluring mature sag you only get in a proper MILF.
But that only serves to make them even softer and more pliable in my hands.
Her areolae and her nipples are huge, too. I could've got my mouth around them normally, but in my shrunken form I can't suck them properly.
"Mmn, mwah... *slurp*... Mmmm!"
Her milk is filling up my mouth and spreading its sweet warmth through my whole body.
"Ahhn... You're sucking in such a perverted way! Hahhn, even adult men can't use their mouths like this, you clever little boy... Mmmn!"
Her nipples are gushing with thick milk. I feel like they'd be leaking all over the floor even if I wasn't sucking them.
I don't want to let a single drop go to waste, however, so I'm drinking from them like a thirsty sailor.
The scent in my nostrils is so nostalgic. I could stay in this pillowy embrace forever...
"I know you like my mom's boobs, hahhn... But suck mine too... I want you to tell me what I taste like... Ahhhn!"
She pushes her breasts against me, her breathing ragged on my tiny head.
Is she trying to compete with her mother? She's not normally this forceful.
"Mmn, *gulp*! Your tits are delicious too, Catherine-senpai... Mwah, *slurppp*! Can I have some more?"
"Hahhn, when you're all small and cute like that, there's no way I can refuse... Hahhhn, mmmn!"
I suck on each of the four huge mounds surrounding me in turn, slurping down the milk of both mother and daughter.
The taste is so sweet that I feel like I'm getting drunk on it, and its scent is filled with warm, comforting motherly pheromones.
Their boobs are so squishy around my face that I feel like I might drown in them.
"Ahhn... You really are a naughty little boy, aren't you? Well, how do you like this?"
She squeezes her hand around my cock.
"Whoa!"
Is this normal here!? I feel like there's morality issues with students being used as sex toys by their teachers, but I'll gladly ignore that.
Lorraine-san gently starts to work my shaft up and down.
I'm drowning in milk, and being milked myself... This is heaven!
"Hahh, hahh... Honestly, Mom, I know you're good at handling naughty kids, but this is a little too much. It's embarrassing..."
I can tell my Ero-Magic has Catherine distinctly hot and bothered too, but she's still blushing. It's adorable!
She's staring at my cock as her mother plays with it, and her nipples are beautifully stiff and hard.
"Stop slacking off, Catherine. As long as we're teachers, we've both got to give little Takkun and his cute cock a good time, right?"
"I-I know... It's just so hard to keep focus when he's sucking my boobs like this... Hahhn, ahahhn..."
She's quivering so much from my tongue's movements that it seems like she could cum at any moment.
Unlike Lorraine-san, who's obviously got some experience "looking after" boys, she seems unsure how to react.
"What are you getting all embarrassed for? Little boys are so much fun to play with. You've got to treat them right, though... Mmn, ahahhn!"
"Hnngh!"
She presses her huge, plump mounds against me, covering my face with her milk. There's so much I can't even gulp it all down.
At the same time, both of them are gently tending to my cock.
Lorraine-san is teasing its head with her fingers, softly caressing me with the warmth of her palm. Phew, she's got quite the technique...
Catherine-senpai presses herself against me, watching her mother work my shaft, her face tomato-red.
She has her hand wrapped around it too, but her movements are awkward. Her body is quivering too much from the stimulation of her nipples.
"Hahh, ahhn... Mmn, ahhhn... P-Please, Takumi-kun, don't be so rough... If you keep doing that, I'll..."
"Mmm... Casharine-shenpai, your boobsh are sho rude, and totally incredibly lewd!"
I don't know why becoming a kid has also turned me into a rap god.
I slurp on both mother and daughter's squirting nipples at the same time, swirling my tongue around them.
"Ahn! Mmmn, hahhn... You're really good at that, Takkun... Mnn, hahhn... My nipples are tingling so much..."
"H-Honestly, a kid this little shouldn't be so perverted... Mmmn, mnph! Hahhhn!"
Their nipples wrestle in my mouth, slick with milk and saliva.
(Man, Lorraine-san's areolae are as big as milk bottle tops. They're so sexy...)
(Catherine-senpai's are smaller but so stiff and cute.)
I have one in each of my small hands, playing with them as I compare them.
Their skin is so soft and elastic, I could touch them all day.
Catherine-senpai's are more pert, but Lorraine-san's skin is so silky...
"Hehe, your hands are lovely and warm, Takkun. Your cock deserves even more attention... Mmmn, ahn..."
Her voice is sultry and lilting in my ear. She looks composed, but the sweat on her brow tells me just how aroused she is.
"Mommy... Give me even more titty milk... *slurp*!"
"Hahhhn! Ahnn, d-don't call me that, Takumi-kun... Hahhn! Ahhn! Don't pinch them...."
Catherine-senpai is writhing from even the slightest touch. She seems really close to cumming.
I can't help but reach for her panties, and tease her most sensitive spots through them.
"Hyahhhn, w-wait! Not there! Ahn, hahhhn!"
"Mommy, what's under here? It's like a cute little slit..."
"I-I'm not telling you that... D-Don't be so lewd, Takumi-kun... Ahhhn, no!"
"Hehe, you are a naughty little boy. Do you want to know more about women's bodies? It's nice to see you're so curious... Hehe, ahhhn!"
Lorraine-san starts to roughly work my shaft as she gleefully watches me play with her daughter's pussy.
It feels so good that I unconsciously start to buck my hips, and I have to bury my face in their breasts to stop myself from cumming.
"Mnngh! *glurp*... Both of my Mommys' boobies are so yummy!"
I can really tell the subtle differences in the tastes.
Catherine-senpai's milk is strong and full of flavor, but her mother's is so thick and mellow.
They're smothering my head with their sweet-smelling softness as I drink down all I want.
If there's a heaven, I think it might be a little like this.
Well, this place is part of a church. That means it must be, right?
"Hahh, hahh... Mmmn, I-I... Mmmn, ahhhn... Hahhn!"
Her breathing is ragged, and her eyes are starting to take on a sultry gleam. It seems like she can't hold back anymore.
That might be something to do with the fact I've been grinding my fingers against her clit for a while now. How naughty of me!
(I get the feeling she wants more, but she's too embarrassed to say. I guess I should have expected that from a supposedly "holy" archpriest.)
In that case, maybe it's okay if I get a little more mischievous.
"Hahhhn!"
"Ahn! Tsk, what a dirty little boy you are... Hahhn!"
I grab and fondle both of their big, plump asses at the same time. They seem even larger than normal in my tiny hands.
I tease my fingers back and forth between their pussies and assholes through their panties.
"Ahhhn! Don't touch there... Hahhn, ahhhn..."
I'm acting just like a mischievous little boy, relentlessly annoying my cute teachers.
I can't remember if I was ever like that with my real teachers, but what does that matter? Right now, I'm getting a second shot at school!
"Hahhn... Your cock's rock hard right now, Takkun. Hehe, what a shame, it looks painful..."
Lorraine-san's response to my teasing is to tease back, stroking my shaft up and down without inhibition. Catherine-senpai follows her lead.
"Mmmnph!"
Even more milk is pouring from their boobs. There's so much I can hardly suck it all down.
"Mmmmmn! Sh-Shtop... I-I only just came... Mmmn, ahn!"
"We're going to have to give this naughty boy's cock a good scolding... Ahhn, hahhn! Mmmn, hahhn... Th-This feels so good..."
Both of them, in perfect unison, reach down and take hold of one of my balls each.
"Whoa!? Th-That's..."
"What? There there, be a good boy. Otherwise, you'll get more punishment. Hehe, hahh, hahhn..."
They both gently fondle my balls. Their hands are so soft, and their movements so loving, that it's sending bolts of pleasure through my body.
I slide my own hands inside their panties and start to tease them directly.
"Hahhn! Ahhn, shtop, it'sh dirty down there! Don't rub it... Hahhhhn!"
Both of them let out high moans just from me lightly pushing my fingers into their assholes.
"Hahhn! Mmn, mmn... You filthy boy. Do you really want even more punishment? You want us to really squish your cock, don't you?"
Their teasing only gets more intense too, them both fervently stroking my shaft and squeezing my balls.
The volume of milk spilling out of their breasts is so overwhelming that I feel like I'm drowning.
"Hahhn! Hahhhn! Ahhhn, nooo, don't suck on my breasts like that... Hahhn, nooo, I can't take it anymore!"
"Ahhn, there's so much milk coming out! Hnngh, ahhn... Drink it all up! I'm cummminnnggg!"
"I-I'm cumming too! Hnngh!"
All six of our hands are tormenting each other desperately, forcing us all to the heights of pleasure.
"Takumi-kun, hahhn... Mmn, I'm... Ahhn, it'sh sho good! My breashts are cumminnngg! Hahhhn!"
Watching these two beauties being brought to orgasm by my tiny hands and tongue is threatening to drive me crazy with lust.
"Ahhhn, your cock is twitching so much! Go on, let out all the dirty cum you can!"
I can't resist the lure of her delicately mature hands any more.
"Hnngh, I'm cumming!"
"Ahhhhhn, I'm cumminngggg!"
The pleasure overtakes us all.
Milk sprays from their nipples in great white torrents.
My cock erupts with a huge blast of cum, which splatters thick and stickily all over their hands.
I suppose this must be my Ero-Magic's doing, but there's so much you'd never imagine it would fit in a body this size.
It spurts out through their fingers and coats their thick thighs in sticky whiteness.
"Hahhhn, thish is sho embarasshhinngg... Ahhn, I'm shpraying breasht milk with my mom... Hahhhhnnnn!"
"Ahhn, ahhhnn! There's so much... It's been years since I spurted this much milk... Hahhn, ahnn..."
It's shooting out of their nipples like it's being fired from a water gun.
The air fills with an obscene scent as it mixes with my cum.
"Hahh, hahh... W-Wow... We're all filthy!"
I slump back almost unconscious, feeling the slimy sensation all over my body, my cock, and the breasts squishing against my head.
Unfortunately for me, the way Lorraine-san's staring hungrily at my cock tells me we're not done yet.
"Ahhhhn, I love spunky cocks like this. ♪ I just want you to shove it in my pussy and fill me up!"
She suddenly straddles me, and without even waiting for a response, slams her hips down on me.
"Hnngnh! Whatthefuuckk!?"
I can only let out a near-incomprehensible yelp as her pussy walls envelop me in sticky heat.
The head of my cock slides deep inside her instantly, and her insides squeeze down on it with furious intensity.
Even though I've just cum, the sensation of slipperiness and heat has made my shaft even harder than it was before.
"Honestly, you really are a naughty boy... You can be as naughty as you want with my pussy, though... Mmmn, ahhn, hahhn!"
She starts to slam her hips up and down on my cock, driving it in down to the hilt with every powerful stroke.
Every time I'm plunged into a wet slipperiness that threatens to make me pass out.
I could cum at any second! No, I've got to hold back. I can't waste my only chance with a MILF like this!
"Ahhh, ahhn! It's so hard inside my pussy! Hyahhn, I haven't had a cock like this in years! Mmmn, ahhhnn!"
It's so incredibly tight, you wouldn't imagine she'd given birth to Catherine-senpai.
Her pussy walls are eagerly massaging my shaft and twitching around the head.
I don't know if it's the experience of age, but she's wringing me out so hard I can do nothing but let her have her way with me.
"Hahh, hahhhn! I love this cock! I'm going crazy already, hahh... Mmmn, mmnph!"
(Gah, Mom... Do you have to make it look so much fun?)
Catherine-senpai stares at her mother and pouts.
She leans down to me, and pushes her nipple into my mouth.
(Hahhn, ahnn... I never thought a boy drinking my milk would feel this good... Hahhn, mmn!)
Almost my entire vision is filled by her magnificent bosom. Her skin is so flawless and delicate, and so springy too... They're the perfect boobs!
Of course, Lorraine-san's are glorious too, but Catherine-senpai is so bashful and her breasts are so sensitive, I can't help but tease them.
"Mmm, mwah, *slurp*!"
"AHAHHHHN! Ahn, ahhn! D-Don't s-suck so hard... s-so suddenly... HAHHN!"
Milk is spurting from her stiff nipples, standing proud in the middle of her swollen areolae.
(Ahn... I-I can't believe someone I know from school is sucking me like this... Ahnn, what is this feeling? I could get addicted to this!)
(Ahhn, please, god... Forgive me for being so licentious... Mmn! Ahhhn! Hahhn!)
"Hehe, looks like you're having fun too, Catherine. You'll make a really good mother some day, you know? Ahn! Ahahnn, mmmn!"
All the while that she's bouncing on top of me, Lorraine-san is looking at her daughter with unbridled pride. What a nice mom... ♪
It's filling my heart with happiness... Either that, or the warmth of Lorraine-san's pussy and Catherine-senpai's milk.
My mouth is filled with her sweetness. I swirl my tongue around her nipple as I drink it down.
"Ahhhn! D-Don't lick me like that... Hahh, mmnph... I'm tingling all over. I think I'm going to faint..."
"Mmn, Catherine-shenpai... Do you want me to play with you too?"
Grinning mischievously, I slide my hand down her hips, and stroke the hem of her panties.
I start to run a finger down over the soaking fabric, and rub the stiff little nub that I find there.
"Hahhn! Hahhn! Mmn, n-no way... Mmmnph! Hahhn!"
"Aww, but I thought you'd be nice and let little Takkun give you a little confession... In your pussy..."
"Hah, hahhn... Ahnn, I-I... Don't do that... Hahhn! Ahn, ahn, ahahhnnn!"
"Mmn, aww, pleaseeee... I wanna fuck you too!"
"Hehe, oh, Takkun... A good boy like you shouldn't be so pushy. You've got to ask nicely, 'Please can I fuck you?' Mmn, hahhn..."
Lorraine-san gently scolds me with a smile. I remember being told off just like that when I was little.
I hardly have the time to be reminiscing, though. I'm too busy being overwhelmed by just how amazingly hot and wet her pussy is.
"Hnngh, ffff— Mmn, Lorraine-san! Y-You're amazing!"
She clenches around my shaft like a wild, carnal beast with every stroke. I can't help but moan and call out in worship.
"Grr... Takumi-kun, you can suck on my boobs more if you want... Come on..."
Faced flushed with embarrassment, Catherine-senpai awkwardly pushes her breast against my face.
Oh, Catherine-senpai. She's obviously embarrassed to be seeing her mother acting like a pervert, but it seems like she's jealous too.
"Ahahhn, I'm sorry, Catherine. I've just completely fallen for Takkun's cock. ♪"
"Hmph, then whatever. I've got his mouth, and I'm fine with that. Right, Takumi-kun!?"
There's a flash of fire in her eyes as she stares me down. Her face is tomato-red, and her pout is getting sharper and sharper.
"Y-Y-Yes, Catherine-senpai! I love your boobs! They're so tasty!"
"Oh, Takkun? Isn't Mommy's pussy tasty too? Ahahhn, you love this more, don't you?"
"Hnnngh!? I-It's crushing my cock!?"
If her pussy is capable of this now, I'd hate to see what she could do when she was younger... She's gonna kill me at this rate!
My cock rams deep inside her every time she ruts against me like a wild animal.
Her pussy walls squeeze my entire shaft to the tip like they're trying to milk out my cum.
"Gah... Goddammit! Don't just concentrate on her! Mmmnph!"
"Whoa!"
Catherine-senpai suddenly starts kissing my nipples!
"Mmn, mwah! *slurp* *lick*! Mmn... *nibble*!"
She suddenly starts eagerly licking and nipping at them. I never thought I'd see someone like Catherine-senpai do this!
The green-eyed monster really has completely taken her over. Seeing her own mother going at me like a beast has turned her into a predator too!
"Wh-Wh-Wh-Wha— Ahhh!"
She's licking me like a starved animal. It feels so good that I unconsciously start to thrust my hips into Lorraine-san.
"Hahhhnnn! Y-You're being so rough! Mmmn, hahn, hahhn!"
As I slam into her, she writhes in ecstasy on top of me.
Her pussy grips my cock so hard it's like it's trying not to let go, but I'm so lost in the pleasure that she can't overpower my lust.
"Hahhhn, yes! Yes! Your hard cock's going so deep! Hahhn! Ahahhn! Hyahhhn!"
"Grr, you're still just paying attention to her! *munch*! Mwah, *slurp*! *schlurrrp*!"
"Hnnnnnnngh...! *slurp*! Mwah, *lick*!"
I'm so aroused I hardly even know what's going on anymore. All I know is that Catherine-senpai's boobs are in my face, and my mouth wants them.
"Hahhhn! I-It feels so good! Hahh, more, Takumi-kun, suck on my breasts just like that, like a perverted little boy!"
"Mmnph, *schlurrrp*! Mmn, hmmph! God ish gonna get mad at you for doing shlutty things like thish!"
"I-I just asked him for permission! Ahhn, hahhn! Mmnph, m-my nipples, they feel sho gooooood!"
She writhes around in my grasp, moaning like she's finally been awakened to her urges.
"Ahhn, you're so cute, Catherine! I knew my daughter would love sex as much as me! Hahhhn! Ahn, ahhn! Hahhhn!"
A proud Lorraine-san matches the furious rhythm of my hips and drives us together even harder.
My cock is throbbing and twitching inside her as she pleads for more and more.
"Deeper! Deeper! I want to feel you against my womb! Mmn, yes, moreeee!"
"L-Like thish?"
Her moans grow higher and higher as my shaft rams deeper and deeper, stirring up every part of her pussy.
Catherine-senpai glances at her as she cries out, but she's too lost in her own pleasure to compete with her any more.
"Hahhn... Sh-Shuck my boobs moore... Ahhhn, it'sh so emmbarrasshinng... Mooore! Sh-shuck them moreeeee!"
Milk is pouring from her nipples in huge, hot rivulets.
I want to give her exactly what her mother is getting, but I'm so happy being squished between them like this that I can't move.
I roll my tongue around her nipple and areola in my mouth, swallowing down mouthful after mouthful of milk.
"Ahhhhhhn! Mmn, yesh, having my boobsh shucked ish making me go crazyyyy!"
"Thish shuper cock kissing my womb is making me feel sho amazzzinnggg! AHAHHHN!"
Lorraine-san's huge, motherly hips slap against my small frame, sending her breasts jiggling up and down in front of me.
She's bouncing on me in such a way that my cock almost slips out of her every time, only to be immediately plunged deep into her.
I feel her pussy walls about to drain every last drop of cum, so I reach around Catherine-senpai's ass and drive my fingers hard into her slit.
"Haaahh! Ahn, hyahn! W-Wait, not sho shudden— HYAHHHN!"
"I'm shorry... But I'm gomma make you feel sho goob, pwease forgive meee!"
She can't resist my baby talk. I push my fingers deep into her already-soaked slit, and her pussy clenches around them.
"Mmmn! More! I want more! Fuck my pussy with your fingers! Shove them in deep!"
She presses her breasts into my face so hard I start to disappear inside their sweet-smelling softness.
"Mmnn! I-I can't... brea—"
"Ahahhn! You naughty boy... Confesshhh your shinnssh... into my boobs! Hahhhn!"
I'd better, because I feel like I'm about to die and go to heaven. Somehow being smothered like this is so comfortable.
"Hahh, hahhhn! My pusshy feels sho hott... I can feel your cock burning sho deep in meeee... It's sho good! Sho goood!"
"Ahhn, you're making me feel sho good tooo, Takumi-kuuun... Ahahhn, hahhnn! Yesshh! Hahhn!"
"Mmmnph, hnngh, you're bosh sho incredible... Hngh, I'm... I'm gonna...!"
This feeling of almost melting into Catherine-senpai is such ecstasy that I can tell I'm at my limit.
"Ahahhn! Haaanhhnn! It'sh getting sho biggg... My pusshy feelsh sho goood!"
"Hahh, hahh... M-My nipplesh do too... You're shucking them sho mucchh... Ahahhnnnnn!"
The chaste and holy mother and daughter before me have been turned into rutting, carnal beasts, and I have too.
"Eeeeeee! I can feel it! It's cominnggg... Mmmn... It'sh been sho loonnggg... Hahhn, hahhnn, I'm, I'm... Mmnnghh!!!"
She slams her hips against me with all her might, and milk rains down on my face as her breasts bound and jiggle.
"Ahn, l-let me cum too... I wanna cum together with my mommm... Shtirr up my pusshy just like that! Make me go crazzzzyyyy!"
Catherine-senpai is rocking her body and bucking against me, even as I suck on her boobs like a little baby.
Mmn! Takumi-kun... Mwah! ♪ Mwahhh! ♪"
She plants gentle little kisses on my forehead and my cheeks. Even in this room that smells of sex, the flowery scent of her hair fills my head.
As she does, I pump my fingers hard into her pussy in my own show of love.
And all the while, my wild thrusting is driving moan after ecstatic moan from Lorraine-san.
"Hahhhn! Mmn, I'm cumming! Ahhhn, I'm cumming, I'm cumminggg! AAHHHHHN!"
"Ahh, ahhn! Mmn, I'm gonna cum toooo... Ahhhn! Mmnph, ahhn, I'm cummminnngggg!"
"Hnngh, I'm cumming too!"
My entire body feels like it's on fire. I can't take the welling pressure any more.
The tip of my cock erupts with hot, thick cum.
"I'm cumminnngggg!"
"I'm cumminnngggg!"
I want to pour every last drop into Lorraine-san's pussy, but our thrusting is so wild that my cock slips out and starts to spray everywhere.
"Hahhhn! I-It'sh all over meee... There's sho much cum!"
"Ahahhn! It's sho hot and thick... Mmmnph, ahhn!"
"Hahhhn, Mom, I'm cumming again! Don't look, don't look!"
"It's okay, I'm cumming too! Ahhhn, I'm cumminngggg!"
"I'm cumminnngggg!"
Both mother and daughter's bodies quake with wave after wave of orgasm as I bathe them in my cum.
"HNNGHHMMNNPH?!"
Those thick thighs and pillowy boobs pin my tiny body down to the bed. I think I might be able to die like this!
Their skin is coated in creamy milk and thick, sticky globs of cum.
It's hard to know what's cum, milk, or pussy juices any more.
"Hahh, hahh... Th-That was incredible..."
When it's finally over, I can at last take a breath.
"Yeah... You've got the most delicious, naughty little cock, Takkun. ♪ I'm so glad my daughter's got good taste in boyfriends..."
"Pssh, you're going to call him that now, when you just spent the whole time monopolizing him? You're too greedy..."
"Hehe. ♪ Sorry, Catherine. You know your mom doesn't get many chances to have a cock like this. I have to savor them."
"Tsk, it's just not fair..."
"Hey, Takkun. Would you like to come for another trial lesson sometime?"
"Ohh? Well, umm, I certainly wouldn't want to turn you down... OWW!"
Catherine-senpai pinches my butt, and instantly wipes the smile off of my face.
"Grr... What, thinking you'd be fine with just her from now on? That's just asking for divine punishment."
"I-I'm sorry!"
The way she's pouting at me is so adorable. She's cute even when she's angry!
"Hehe... She might be older than you, but she does still have a childish side, as you can see. Take care of her, though, Takkun."
"Gladly!"
...Hang on, I'm still all shrunken down, though. When is this magic going to wear off!? Are you there, god!? Please, answer me!
