リディア
リリンダ
炎厨矢
"Hahhn... Ahhn, I can't believe I've got my daughter's boyfriend's cock inside me... I shouldn't be doing this... Ahahhn!"
Today, we've come to the lingerie shop "La Serene" to buy some sexy underwear.
It's rare for Lydia-chan to be the one to take the initiative and invite me out, so I was practically skipping with delight on the way here.
And to add to my excitement, this shop is owned by her mother Lilynda, who's just as sexy as her daughter.
"Hahh, hahh... I'm sorry about my mom, really..."
"Oh, you really, really don't have to apologize, haha."
"Grr... I want you to play with me, though!"
Before I entered the shop, I felt my Ero-Magic activate and a sign appeared: "We cater exclusively to cock-sharing mother-daughter couples!"
Even if the magic hadn't also made my cock stand to attention, that would have done the job on its own.
Pretty much as soon as I walked through the door I found myself with Lilynda-san on top of me, wearing lingerie so skimpy it's hardly there.
"Ahn, ahahhn! How do you like the goods? Mmnn... Hahh, hahhn... Ahahhn!"
"T-They're... Well, more than just 'comfortable'!"
I really can't tell if she means her lingerie, or her pussy.
Whichever it is, she's so tight and wet that you'd never imagine she'd had kids.
"Mmmn... You're so cute. ♪"
She bounces on top of me as if trying to force every bit of my youthful libido out of me.
"Ahhn, you know your antics are all Lydia talks about when she comes home, right? I can't resist trying you out for myself!"
"H-H-H-Hey, don't say that, Mom! Gahhh!"
Lydia's gone as red as a tomato. She's too adorable!
"Hahhn... I'm just so glad that you bagged yourself a cutie, though! Didn't want you ending up with a guy who looks like an orc... Ahhhn!"
Well, I'd like to think one part of me is quite orcish.
But there's certainly nothing orc-like about Lilynda-san—her body is amazing! Motherly boobs, motherly hips, but not a trace of motherly sag!
"Ahhhn, your cock's going so deep inside me... Ahhn, having a young cock like this in my pussy makes me feel young again!"
Said pussy is milking my shaft so powerfully that my hips are thrusting on their own.
"Ahhn, how do you like this underwear, Lydia? It's so sexy... Hahhn!"
"Hahh, hahh... All I wanted was for Takumi-senpai to choose my lingerie today... Grr!"
Lydia-chan puffs out her cheeks in adorable envy.
"Hahhn... Ahn, ahhnn! Ahn, ahnn, ahahhn!"
Just looking at the beautiful double helping of boobs in front of me is driving me crazy.
"Hehe... How does this feel?"
"Huh!?"
Her tail slides up my body and starts to tickle my nipples. Oh no, she's going full succubus!
"Hnnngh! Th-That's cheating, Lilynda-san!"
"Hahh, hahhh, is this a competition? Hehe, mmm... Mmmn!"
"Hyahhhn! Ahhn, you greedy boy, tsk... Ahhn! Mmmn!"
I can't hold my back from sucking on those those huge, milk-drenched tits any more.
Her nipples are so pretty and young-looking that you'd never think she'd raised a daughter with these. Succubus bodies are amazing!
"Ahhn, you're so cute, Takumi-kun. ♪ This takes me back to when Lydia was a baby... Hahhn!"
"Mmmn! You're thrusting so hard while you suck... Please, take Mommy's pussy even harder!"
She doesn't even need to ask. I'm already completely reliving my infancy, eagerly drinking down her milk.
"Ahhhn... I want to suck out all of your cock milk too, Takumi-kun! Mommy wants her pussy full of it!"
Faced with such an obscene request, I've got no choice but to be a good boy and obey!
"Hahhn, I-I'm cumming too! I'm cumminnggg! Ahahhhn!"
"Ahn, ahhhn! I'm cumming! You're going to make Mommy cum, Takumi-kun! Ahahhhnnn!"
"Hahh, hahhhn... There's so much pouring into me... But you're still so hard, hehe. ♪"
My cock erupts with a great torrent of sticky, white cum, filling up her entire womb.
"Mmm... You really have got yourself a good boyfriend, Lydia. ♪"
"H-Hey... Don't just play with my mom... Ahhn, I want you too... "
Lydia-chan blushes as her mother compliments me.
"My daughter's always been a naive one, so take care of her, Takumi-kun. ♪"
"Just leave her to me!"
I know a succubus mom isn't going to be satisfied with just one load. Luckily, my cock is still raring to go.
"Ahh, yes, more! It's so hard, and it's twitching so much... It's amazing! It's stirring up all the cum in my pussy!"
"It's squeezing me so tightly, Lilynda-san! Just what I'd expect from a succubus!"
"Ahhn, ahnn, hahhn! Ahnn, ahn, ahahhn!"
Lilynda-san moans in rhythm with my thrusts.
"Ahhhn, how is this cock so good? I'm getting addicted! Hahhn!"
"Ahhh, I'm sorry for monopolizing your boyfriend's cock, Lydia... Hyahhn!"
I'm not sure Lydia-chan is listening to her apology. She's too busy sucking my nipples.
"Hahhhn, ahhn, I'm cumming again! HYAHHHNNN!"
"Ahhn, ahhhnnnn! Takumi-senpai, I'm cumming too! AHHHHNNN!"
As I thrust into Lilynda-san with all my might, and drive my fingers deep into Lydia-chan's pussy, I feel the pressure in my crotch boil over.
"Hahh, ahhn... Your cum's so thick and hot... This is bliss..."
"Ahhn, you're shooting it all over a mother and her daughter... You really are a pervert. ♪ Do you like seeing my boobs covered in your milk?"
After filling up her pussy again, I pull out and let the near-endless stream splash all over their faces, thighs, and breasts.
"Hahh, hahhh... I've never had a cock this obscenely lewd... I might have to steal you from Lydia!"
"Ahhn... No way, Mom, Takumi-senpai is mine! Hahhn! Ahnn!"
I end up squished between their boobs as they fight over me. The marshmallow prison instantly makes my cock spring back into action.
"Phew... I don't know how many, ahem, fitting sessions we've had now. Hahhn..."
"It's not fair. We came here to choose some lingerie for me, and you're the one that's ended up trying on someone new... Mmn..."
"Hahh, hahhh, I couldn't help it... Takumi-kun just wants to dress me up in white so much... Hahh..."
It doesn't look like this mother-daughter lingerie display isn't going to end for a while...
