カトレーヌ
ミルファ
炎厨矢
"Hahh, hahhh... Catherine-senpai... Hahhh..."
Dammit, Ero-Magic. You just had to go and put the minotaur girl in a cow-pattern bikini, didn't you? Not that I'm complaining in the slightest!
Once again, I've disguised myself as Catherine and called Milfa-chan to the nurse's room.
I kissed her as soon as she walked through the door, and she collapsed into my arms with a gaze so dreamlike it's like I cast a spell on her.
Her clit is so pink and cute. It doesn't seem like she's played with it much herself. I swirl my tongue around it.
"Ahhhhnnn!"
"Mmmn, *slurp*! You're so wet already. You really are a dirty girl, aren't you? Mmmnph!"
Despite being a cow, when she's like this she's as docile and submissive as a kitten.
She really is a masochistic pervert... But she's got big boobs, so I think I can forgive that.
Every time I lick her, her pussy lets out a thick spurt of nectar.
"Mmm, there's so much... It just won't stop coming out. ♪"
It coats my fingers in stickiness as I tease her pussy with them.
"Ahhn, Catherine-senpai... Ahnn! This is so embarrassing!"
The innocence of her reaction is absolutely adorable. It just makes me want to tease her more and more!
"You've got such a cute face, and yet your clit is so hard. You're a filthy girl, aren't you? *slurp*! Mmmmn!"
"Hnngh! D-Don't lick it directly like that! Ahhhhn! Hnngh!"
I lick and suck at the swollen little nub, intent on seeing her writhe in pleasure even more.
"AHHHHHNNN!"
She bucks her hips as I lick, rubbing her wet crotch against my face.
I can't tell if she's trying to escape the intensity of the sensation, or asking for more. Either way, it makes me want to play with her.
"Feels so good you're begging for more, huh? You're turning me on so much, Milfa-chan... Hahh, hahhh..."
"Ahhhn! Ahn, ahhn! Mmnph, hahhhhnn!"
Her pussy lips are burning hot, and smeared in her dripping juices.
"Mmmn... *lick* *slurrrp*... Mmmn, ahhn!"
"Hahhn, mmn, ahhn! Ahhhhn!"
Her face somehow maintains the same innocence even as her hips buck with increasing shamelessness.
"Let's give this a little nibble... Mmm, *slurp*... *nip*..."
I bite down lightly on her clit, sucking up the liquid gushing out of her pussy.
"Ahhhnn! No, stop, stop! It feels like an electric shock every time! Ahhhn, I'm cumminnnggggggg!"
Her hips writhe and buck as a powerful orgasm surges through her.
"Hahh, hahhhn... I came... Ahhn!"
"I've gotten so turned on from licking your pussy, Milfa-chan... I can't hold back anymore!"
So much desire has built up inside me that I suddenly feel a change in my crotch.
My Ero-Magic's stopped working!?
"Huh!? C-Catherine-senpai? Y-You've got a thing down there... W-Wait, who are you!? Argh!"
"I'm Catherine-senpai's friend, Takumi! ♪"
I happily greet her between bouts of lapping at her pussy.
"Hahhn! Ahhn, ahhhnn!"
Her face is etched with both confusion and pleasure.
"Your boobs and your pussy just turned me on so much that I can't help myself."
I tried my best to make my greeting as breezy as possible, but that doesn't seem to have helped.
"A-A boy? Huh— Ah, no! Takumi-senpai... Ahhnn!"
"Mmm, you're leaking so much milk, and so much pussy juice..."
"Ahhn! Hahhn, n-not there! Mmmn!"
Although she's trying to resist, she's too drunk on the feeling of my tongue and fingers teasing her to properly stop me.
"Pussies are made for this, Milfa-chan."
"So it's obvious that a man's always going to be at his best making a woman feel good. *slurp*... Mmmn!"
Compared to Catherine-senpai's small, delicate tongue, mine is like a wild animal's.
It was fun enough using her tongue, but greedily pushing mine into her pussy makes Milfa-chan writhe in pleasure.
"Ahhhn... No, Takumi-senpai... What about Catherine-senpai? Ahahhn!"
"She doesn't have anything like this, does she? Hnngh!"
Before I've even finished my sentence, I drive my rock-hard cock into her entrance. She gasps in shock at the strange sensation.
Her tight pussy walls clench around my shaft as she stares at me in confusion.
I hold onto her hips as she tries to wriggle away, and slowly push inside her.
Jeez, she's so tight I can hardly move!
"Hnnngh!? Ahnn! Ahahhn!"
The raging purple of my cock contrasts perversely with the fairness of her skin as I push it into her wet entrance.
It slowly starts to spread and allow my shaft into her hot, dripping pussy.
It's so tight that I could cum at any moment.
"Ahhhn, Takumi-senpai! Please, take it out! Ahhn, noooo!"
"It's okay, Milfa-chan. It'll start to feel good soon. You'll be a cock addict in no time!"
"Ahahhhnn!"
Sensations start to fizzle through her body like jolts of electricity as inch after inch works its way inside her.
Milfa-chan's expression is caught somewhere between pain and pleasure, unsure of what she's truly feeling.
"Ahhn... Hahhn... It's too tight... Hahh, hahhh, it hurts... Ahhhnn!"
As more of my cock gradually disappears inside of her, her hips start to writhe and buck.
"I'm going to start thrusting. I'll do it slowly at first, okay?"
"Ahhhn... Mmnph, hnngh... Ahhnn!"
Her pussy is so warm and wet. It feels incredible!
The pleasure is making every hair on my body stand on end.
Milfa-chan is also twitching and quivering with a sensation she's never felt before.
"Hahhn... Ahhhn! Ahhhn, mmmn, ahahhnnn!"
"Ahhn, I feel weird... Every time you pull it out, it's like my body is on fire... Hahhhn!"
I drive my cock all the way into her, until its tip kisses the entrance to her womb.
It makes her pussy walls clench around me with dizzying force as Milfa-chan lets out a desperate moan.
"Ahhhn! Nooo, it's driving me crazy! Ahhn, ahahhhn!"
Despite her protests, she's no longer trying to wriggle out of my grasp. Instead, she's starting to slam her hips back against mine.
"Ahhn... Suck my breasts more... Until there's no more milk left in them... Ahhn, Takumi-senpai!"
I swallow down the sweet milk like a starving calf as I drive my shaft into her .
"Hahhn... You're drinking my milk and thrusting into me so hard... It feels so good! I could die like this! Ahhhn!"
I suck on her leaking nipples as hard as I can.
"Hahhhn... It's going so deep inside me... Ahnn, nooo, it's making such dirty sounds! Hnngh!"
Our hips slam together with increasing force.
The scent of her love nectar mingles with that of her milk, filling the air around the bed.
"Ahhhn... I-I can feel it... I'm cumming... I'm cumming, I'm cummminnnnggg!"
"Hahh, hahhh... I'm covered in so much milk, and cum... Hahhn, ahn!"
My cum comes overflowing out of her pussy in thick spurts, forming an obscene puddle on the bed.
"Takumi-senpai... I still want more... Please, give me more of your cock... Hahhhn..."
"Oh, I could teach you all kinds of things that will make you feel good, if you want me to..."
Milfa-chan nods, a perverted gleam in her otherwise innocent eyes...
