マリィ
リリィ
炎厨矢
"Mmmn, mwah! *slurp*... Mmn! Ahn, mwah! *schlurp*!"
"Hahh, mwah! Mn, *slurp* *slurrrp*! Mwahh!"
The two girls grapple each other with me by their side, and start to feverishly explore each other's mouths.
Their skin is flushed ever so slightly pink, and the sweetness of their ragged breathing fills the air.
"%i1Nokotta, nokotta!%r Mmn, mwah, *slurp*!"
Pearls of sweat glisten in the air as the three of us wrestle tongues.
"Mmmn... H-Honestly, what are we doing? Mmn, mwah... *slurp*... Mwah!"
Despite the embarrassment staining her cheeks, Marie-senpai eagerly entwines her tongue with mine.
"Tsk, be honest with yourself, Marie. I can tell you're into this. Don't leave me all alone over here though, Takumi-kun... Mmmn!"
Lily-senpai gives me a devilishly pleading look, and I shamelessly let myself be lured in by her charms.
"Mmmn, mwahh... Mmnph, *slurp*! Hahhhn, does that feel good?"
"You bet it does!"
She gleefully presses her lips to mine, her tongue exploring the inside of my mouth with such lascivious hunger my head starts spinning.
"H-Hey, how long are you two planning to do that for? Don't just ignore me..."
"Okay, okay. Here..."
"Mmmn! Mwah! *slurp*, ahhhn, mwahh!"
As seemingly resistant as she is, as soon as my tongue touches hers, she entwines it with mine with shameless eagerness.
"Mmmn... Hahh, hahh... H-How does it feel? I'm better than Lily, right?"
"Y-Yeah... Your tongue's so powerful..."
"W-Well, of course it is! Don't misunderstand, though, it's not like I really want to kiss you or anything. I just don't want to lose to Lily!"
Ah, it seems like the concept of %i1tsundere%r is truly universal. Nice to know.
"You're so cute, Marie-senpai."
"Sh-Shut up, don't say stupid stuff like that... Ahahhnnn!"
"Hehe, oh my, what a cute moan! ♪"
Lily-senpai grasps Marie-senpai's %i1fundoshi%r, and pulls it up so it digs into her ass and slit.
"Ahhhn! Ahn! Hnngh, ahhhnn!"
She lets out a high, strained moan as she feels it rub against her most sensitive spots.
Her body quivers, and her wide, round ass jiggles.
"Marie-senpai, here's a little something more... Mmn!"
Taking advantage of Lily-senpai's distraction, I shove my tongue into Marie-senpai's mouth again.
"Mmmn! Mwah, *slurrrp*... Mmnph, mwah, mmmnn!"
Our tongues wrestle inside her mouth.
They coat each other in their saliva, clashing with an intensity that makes her knees tremble.
"Mmmnph, mwah! *slurrrp*! Hahh, w-wait, let me res— Mmmnph! *slurp*, mmngh!"
"Hmm? Not giving in already, are you?"
"Hahhh, a-as if I'd do that! This is nothing... Mmnph!"
In that case, I guess I don't need to hold back, right? I press my lips to hers once again, and start to roughly wrestle tongues.
Lily-senpai takes advantage of my distraction to pull forcibly on her %i1fundoshi%r.
"Ahahhnn! Mmnph! Ahnnn!"
Marie-senpai shudders under the two-pronged assault on her mouth and pussy.
"You're absolutely covered in sweat, Marie-senpai... And you're pretty soaked down here too."
"Hyahhnn, ahnn! Ahahnn! Mmn, ahnnn!"
I trace my fingertip up her slit, and she lets out a surprisingly cute little squeal.
Even just that tiny touch through the %i1fundoshi%r leaves a long, slick string of nectar on my finger.
So that's how good this really feels for her, huh?
"Hmm, you're unusually sensitive, aren't you? Marie-senpai?"
"N-No way... Ahhn, get your hand away from there! Hyahhnn!"
"Hehe, it's cute how you're still resisting. You're adorable, Marie-senpai!"
Her words may not be honest, but her body is eagerly wanting more.
That contrast makes me want to tease her even more.
"Tsk, it's a shame you're not even going to be honest at a time like this..."
"Wh-What do you mean...?"
"Oh, you know. If you're not going to be honest, I may as well have some fun with Lily-senpai instead."
"Hehe, I'd love that. Let's make each other feel really, really good!"
"Well, I can't turn down that proposal..."
"W-Wait... We can, umm, keep going, if you want to..."
"Oh? What do you mean, 'keep going'? Hm, I'm not sure I understand, whatever could you mean?"
"Gah... Well, umm... You can play with my... y'know... more, if you want to... With your fingers... Please..."
She looks so cute fighting back her embarrassment to red-facedly tempt me on. I can't resist instantly jumping at the chance.
"Ooh, very nice. I should give you a nice reward for being so honest!"
I slide my hand into her %i1fundoshi%r, and bury my fingers into her moist slit.
I drive my fingers in so deep it's like my entire hand could vanish into her wetness.
"Hahhnnn! Ahn, ahnn, hyahhhnn!"
I start to roughly grind my fingers against her most sensitive spots, filling the arena with the sounds of sloppy wetness.
Every time I touch her, her pussy splutters hot gushes of love nectar that coat my hand.
"H-Hey, ahnn! D-Don't be so rough! Ahnnn, hyahhnnn!"
I gently, teasingly trace my finger down the line of her slit.
"Ahhnnn! Hnngh, mmmnph, ahnn!"
I rub my fingers through her dripping-wet folds, covering them in her slickness.
"Hyahhhn! Ahnn, ahahhnn! Mmnph!"
Her moans grow more and more licentious, and a dreamy haze falls over her eyes.
I slide my finger down to her entrance, and start to slowly push it into her hot pussy.
"Ahahhn! Y-Your finger, it's... It's going inside, ahnn! I can feel it! Ahahhnn!"
As soon as I start to explore her pussy, its walls clench powerfully around my finger.
I push through the tightness and work it deep inside her, before starting to stroke it in and out.
"Ahahhhn! Mmmnph, it's, ahnn... M-My, umm, there, it's making such lewd noises... Ahnnn!"
"Your what now? Call it what it is! My finger's inside your pussy, Marie-senpai!"
"Ahnn, hnngh... M-My pussy... You're so deep inside my pussy! Ahnnn, ahn!"
She lets out a series of desperate moans as I explore her most sensitive spots.
"You're so tight, Marie-senpai."
I can't help but think just how good it would feel to put my cock inside her...
Just the thought is making my shaft strain against my pants.
"Ahhhhn! Ahn! Mmnph, ahnnn!"
"What's wrong? You're looking a little frustrated there. Are my fingers not enough for you?"
"H-Hey... Well, you're one to talk... I know you're thinking the same... Ahn, ahahhnn!"
"Hmm, and what do you mean by that? I can kind of guess from the state of your body, but I want to hear it..."
I grind my fingers against her pussy walls, threatening to make her cum right here and now.
"Ahnn, ahahhnn! O-Okay! I-I'll say it... Please, quickly... Shove your cock... Shove your cock in my pussy! Ahahhnn!"
"Ooh, very well done. In that case..."
I swiftly pull my shaft from my pants, and press its tip to her soaking-wet slit.
I slide it up and down, covering my entire cock in her overflowing juices.
"Ahhn... It's so big... Is that really going to go inside of me? Hahh, hahhh..."
She looks back at my cock with a hungry, expectant gaze.
She moans sweetly as I let her feel just how furiously hard she's made me.
"Are you ready?"
I draw my hips back, and then drive my shaft inside her in one decisive thrust.
"AHAHHHNNNNNNNN!"
She lets out a high squeal as my raw cock slams into her pussy.
It's so wet and hot that my shaft has no problem sinking into her down to the hilt.
"Whoa, you're so tight... It feels amazing!"
Her pussy started clenching eagerly around my cock the moment I drove it inside her.
"Ahhhn, it's so big, and so hard... I-I never knew a man's cock could be this incredible... Mmmn, ahnn!"
"I know, right? I'm pretty special, if I do say so myself."
"D-Don't get too cocky... You really think this is enough to... Mmmnph, satisfy me? Ahn, mmnn!"
Even in this situation, she's competitive.
However, I can tell how she's truly feeling from the ecstatic spasms of her pussy walls.
That's the cuteness of a %i1tsundere%r—there's such a wonderful contrast between their attitudes and their bodies!
"Pssh, I haven't even started yet!"
I start thrusting my hips, feeling my shaft slide through her slippery wetness.
"Ahahhhn! Ahn! W-Wait, don't just suddenl— Ahahhnnn!"
I grind my shaft against her wet pussy walls as I thrust, seeking out her most sensitive spots.
"Ahahhhn! Ahnn, ahnnn! Hyahhhnnn!"
With each stroke, she lets out higher and higher moans. Her pussy squeezes me with eager, intense force.
It's exactly the kind of tightness I'd expect from a sportswoman. Her lower body is so powerful that I'm already tingling with pleasure.
"Ahnn! Ahahnn, mmnph... HYAHHHNN!"
Spurred on by the intense sensation, my thrusts grow more and more wild.
"How does my cock feel, Marie-senpai?"
"H-Hmph... Th-This is noth— Ahhn, ahhhnnn! Hahh, hahh... Mmmn!"
"Hmm, what was that? 'Nothing'? Well, I suppose I'll have to fuck you even harder, then."
I grab hold of her thick, muscular ass, and start to slam my hips against hers.
Sloppy, obscene sounds fill the arena, and the feeling of her slick pussy walls spasming around my cock drives me into an animalistic hunger.
"Ahhhn! Ahn, ahhhn! Mmnph, ahahhn! Hyahhhnnn!"
With every sweet moan a little more of my reason leaves me.
Her pussy is so hungrily squeezing my cock that I almost feel like I'm melting into her.
"Ahahhn! I-If you do it so hard, ahnn... My pussy, it's— Ahahhhn!"
It bathes me in hot torrents of her nectar with every thrust.
The intensity of our rutting isn't just growing more pleasurable for me—Marie-senpai too is quivering from the sensations running through her.
"Mmnph, ahhnn! Ahn, ahhhn, mmngh, hyahhhnn!"
My pre-cum mixes with the juices inside her pussy, gushing out of her in sticky spurts.
It spills down her thighs and across my crotch each time I pull my hips back.
"Hmm, are you sure you're all right, there? You're not starting to really feel it?"
"O-Of course I'm fine! I-I, ahhn, I can take much more than this! Ahnn, hyahhhn!"
"Hmm, why do I feel like you're not telling the truth? Tsk, it seems like I might have to use my secret weapon."
"Y-Your 'secret weapon'? You mean—"
I raise the umpire's fan I'm carrying, and I see a flash of mischief cross Marie-senpai's face.
"Oh, I think you know!"
I pull my arm back, and bring the fan down against her thick ass with a satisfying THWACK!
"Ahhhn! Hyahhhn! Don't smack my butt so har— Ahhn, ahahhn!"
Marie-senpai lets out an animal squeal as I spank her plump rear.
The instant I strike, her pussy clamps down on my shaft like a vice.
"Mmm, that feels amazing... I'm going to have to go back for seconds!"
Putting as much whip into my wrist as I can, I bring the fan down over and over again against her rump.
"Mmmngh! Ahn, ahhnnn! Hnngh, hahhhhn!"
Her moans only grow more lustful as her butt glows redder and redder, and her pussy walls squeeze me harder with each spank.
"Come on, tighter!"
I drive myself deeper and deeper into her, feeling the spasming, squirming heat around my shaft.
"Ahhhn! Ahn, ahnn! Mmmnph, ahnnn! Hyahhhnn!"
I slam my hips against hers, my cock plunging into her down to the hilt.
Marie-senpai starts to push herself back against my thrusts, which only spurs me on further.
"Mmmn, ahn! Ahhn, hnngh, hahhhhhnnnn!"
The movement of our hips grows wilder and more animalistic as the pleasure of her lascivious grinding overtakes us.
"Ahahhnnn! Your cock is churning up my pussy! Ahnn, it's going to break me— Ahahhnnngh!"
"You're so cute, Marie-senpai. You don't have to hold back anymore, you know?"
"Ahn! I-If you're so rough with me, I'll... Ahahhn, I can't take it anymore... Ahhn, ahahhhn!"
I feel my cock throbbing almost unbearably while I look at her as she finally gives in to the pleasure.
"I'm going to make you feel as good as I can, Marie-senpai. Let's make this something amazing..."
Her pussy juices splash out onto the arena floor in sticky puddles with every thrust.
"Ahhhn, but... It's too much... Ahn, hahhn, aahhhnn!"
"Oh, come on. Be honest with me!"
"Ahahnn... T-Takumi! Takumi, fuck my pussy as much as you want! Ahahhn, your cock's getting even bigger inside me! Hyahhhnn!"
"Of course it is! That's the kind of honesty I wanted out of you!"
My agonizingly engorged shaft rams into her with a carnal ferocity.
"Ahhhhn, ahn, ahhhnn! Mmnph, ahahhn! Hyahhhnnn!"
She drives her hips back against me, forcing the tip of my cock to kiss the entrance to her womb.
"Takumiiii... Smack my ass more! Ahahhnnnn!"
I slap her round cheeks with the fan with wild abandon as I thrust.
"Mmmn! Ahnn! Hnnghh, ahahhnnn!"
Her body bucks with each strike, and her pussy spasms and clenches.
Watching her writhe in pleasure under my relentless spanking like this makes me quiver with anticipation.
"Hnngh, I'm almost ready to cum..."
"R-Really!? Ahhn, you're doing it even harder! Ahahhn, your cock is amazing! It's too good, ahahhhnn!"
Feeling myself approaching my limit, I plunge my cock into her with every ounce of strength I have.
"M-My body feels so hot... Ahh, ahhhn, what is this!? Ahahhnnn!"
Her body begins to quiver. It seems like she's not that used to this feeling.
I don't have the time to tell her what's about to happen, though. All the reason has completely evaporated from my brain.
"Hnnngh, I'm cumming!"
I keep thrusting until I absolutely can't resist any more, finally driving my cock as deep into her wetness as I can.
"AHAAHHNNN! I-It's so hot! Th-There's something pouring inside of me! Ahn... HYAHHHNNN!"
I unleash a great torrent of cum deep inside her.
Marie-senpai bucks and writhes in pleasure, waves of ecstasy buffeting her as I paint the entrance to her womb white.
"Ahahhhhn! There's so much coming out... It's so hot, and it's filling me up... Haahhhnn!"
Her back arches and her whole body shakes as she feels my cum pouring into her twitching pussy.
Orgasm after orgasm runs through her like lightning. Her pussy is overflowing with hot nectar and cum, spilling out over the arena floor.
Her pussy walls mix the two together into an obscene flood as they spasm and clench around my cock.
It runs in rivulets down her thick thighs.
"Hahhh, hahhh... That was incredible, Marie-senpai..."
Finally spent, I collapse on top of her, panting.
"J-Just how much did you pour into me? Ahnn, I can still feel it twitching inside! Hyahhn!"
"You're one to talk, with how much you just came."
"S-So that's what a real orgasm feels like? It, ahem, wasn't bad, I suppose..."
There's only the faintest hint of the brusque exterior she had when I first met her as she wallows in the afterglow.
It's like I've awakened something feminine and carnal inside her.
"It felt amazing for me too, which I suppose would mean that I lost."
Getting grappled by her pussy like that almost knocked me out. A rare %i1kimarite%r indeed.
"This was some kind of match? W-Well, a win's a win, I suppose... Hahahhh..."
Just the kind of happiness in victory I'd expect from such an, ahem, passionate athlete.
"Hmm... How about we make it best out of three, though?"
"Heh, bring it on. You'll never beat me... Hey, wait, where are you sticking that thing!?"
I slide my cock up just a little way to where there's another tiny little %i1dohyo%r for us to fight in.
"Let's see how good you are in this ring too... %i1Hakkeyoi! Nokotta!%r"
I push my cock, slicked with our juices, against her asshole.
"Ahahhnnn! Th-That hurts— Ahn, i-it's going in! Ahhn, mmmnph!"
The head of my cock starts to work its way into her tight hole.
It's even more overwhelming a sensation than her pussy, constricting me almost painfully but sublimely arousingly.
"Here comes the rest of it! %i1Dosukoi!%r"
I try to thrust forward, but it's so tight that I'm struggling to push my way in.
But her entrance starts to loosen just a little as my shaft gradually starts to disappear inside her.
"Hnngh... It's so thick... Why does it feel so good, though? Ahhn!"
"Almost... there!"
When she moans I feel the pressure let up for just an instant, and I drive my cock into her down to the hilt.
"Ahahhnn! It went all the way inside me... Your cock's filling up my ass, and it feels amazing...!"
The moment that the entirety of my cock disappears into her, her insides constrict around it with head-spinning intensity.
"Hnngh, w-whoa...!"
It sends a shiver up my spine, a pleasure I can't put into words.
"Haha... H-How do you like that, Takumi? My ass is even more powerful than my pussy, right? Mmnph..."
The moment that she seems to push through the pain, she starts to taunt me.
Her expression, however, isn't that of a sportswoman. It's that same carnal, lustful expression I saw in her just before she came before.
"Heh, trying to make me fuck you harder, are you? Don't you worry, this match is far from over!"
I pull back, and start to thrust into her.
"Mmmnnghh! Ahhn! Ahahhn! Hyahnnn!"
I ram my shaft into her asshole again and again, paying no heed to its feverish, inexperienced twitching.
Her insides cling to me each time I push in, as if trying to remember the shape of my cock.
"Ahhhn! Ahn, mmnph, ahahhnn!"
The strained rasp in Marie-senpai's moans tingles at the deepest, most sadistic little parts of my mind.
There's something in the quivering of her body that tells me her moans are more in pleasure than pain, however.
"Are you feeling good, Marie-senpai? You're not going to surrender already, are you?"
"P-Pssh, I'll never give up... This is only the begin— Hnnghh!"
If she's that confident, then I've got no reason to hold back, have I?
I slam my cock into her with all my strength, watching in excitement as the still red-raw skin of her ass jiggles as I do.
"Mmngh, ahn! Ahnn, ahann! Hahhhhhn!"
Her moans are starting to become just as lustful as they were just before she came before.
They tingle at my desires so lasciviously that I soon find my mind blank of anything but the animal desire to ram my shaft into her.
"Ahahhhn! Ahnn, ahn! Mmnph, ahn, ahahn! Hyahhhnn!"
Her asshole slowly grows more used to my cock, but never stops twitching and clenching around it with the force you'd expect from an Amazon.
It even starts to feel like she knows just when to squeeze and expertly strike at my weak points. Even her asshole is a powerful warrior, jeez!
"God, I've never had a fight feel as good at this... I want to fight you over and over again, Marie-senpai!"
Our hips slam together with an obscene slap that reverberates through the hall.
"Mmmmn! Ahn, ahahhn! Hnngh, hyahhhn!"
She throws her head around in pleasure, moaning like a rutting beast... But then suddenly, she squeals.
"Mmmnph, hyahhhn!?"
I feel a strange shockwave pass through her.
"Tsk, real nice of you two to disappear off into your own world and leave me out! I think I'm going to need to give you a little punishment!"
Lily-senpai raises her hand, and delivers a sumo slap right into Marie-senpai's bouncing breasts.
"Ahahhnn! W-Wait, Lily, no— Hyahhnn!"
Phew, never underestimate a sumo girl. The power of her slap is enough to send Marie-senpai's boobs swinging from side-to-side.
"You did say this match was best-of-three, right?"
"That doesn't mean it's a three-way! Hyahh, ahhhn!"
"I guess I'm going to have to up my game too then!"
I raise my arm and deliver a slap to Marie-senpai's ass just as powerful as Lily-senpai's.
"N-Not you too!? Ahhnn, mmnph, hyahhhnn!"
Attacked from both sides, the strikes ripple through her body and she writhes in pleasure.
"Glad to see we're on the same wavelength, Takumi-kun. Marie and I are always butting heads... Though she's butting something else right now. ♪"
"Aahhhn! Ahn! Ahahhn! HYAHHHNNN!"
Marie-senpai lets out a wail like a banshee.
Wh-What was that!?
"Hnnngh!?"
Her asshole clenches around me with such force it might just squeeze out every drop of my cum right now.
"Hehe, you look like you both enjoyed that! ♪ There's more where that came from!"
"Hyahhhn! D-Don't pinch my nipples! Ahnn, hahhnnn!"
(Ahh, so that's what happened! No wonder she tensed up.)
Hmph. Somehow, seeing Marie-senpai getting pleasure from Lily-senpai like that riles up my competitive instincts.
"I'm not going to lose to you here, Lily-senpai. I'll make her feel better than you ever can!"
I drive my cock into her asshole once more, grinding into every one of her most sensitive spots.
Lily-senpai grins, and starts to tease and tweak her nipples.
"Ahhn, you're both so— Mmngh, ahhnn! W-Wait— Hahhhhhnnn!"
Her body writhes between the two of us, our relentless attacks striking her from all angles.
She's bucking and jerking so much that I can tell she won't be able to take this for long.
And the burning heat and pressure in my cock is telling me I'm in the same predicament.
"Ahhhn, ahnnn! Mmnph, ahahhn, hyahhhn!"
"Oh my, you both look so pained... Let me give you just a little more teasing to help you finish off. ♪"
She pulls on Marie-senpai's nipple with such force even I can see it from behind her plump ass.
"Hnnngh! Ahnn, mmnph! Hyahhnn!"
At that instant, her asshole clamps around my shaft like a vice.
Her nipple is so gently pink compared to the rich tones of her skin that just that is enough to push me over the edge.
"Hnngh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming again, Marie-senpai!"
I slam my hips against her like a desperate beast.
I don't stop until my mind threatens to go blank.
"Ahahhnn, no, I can't take anymore! I'm going to cum! Ahahhnnn, I'm cummminnngggg!!!"
Her asshole squeezes and massages my cock the same way her pussy did, as if desperate for my cum.
"Here it comes!"
"HYAHHHHHNNNN!? Y-You're really cumming in my ass! It's so hot... And there's even more than before!? HAHHNNN!!!"
Even as her pussy is still leaking my last load, I start to pour another torrent inside her ass.
My cock pulses again and again as it fills her quivering insides.
"Ahahhn, ahn! Hnngh, ahhhn!"
Marie-senpai arches her back and moans in ecstasy as she feels my heat inside her.
Her pussy sprays the arena with a thick, cloudy gush of her love nectar.
The feeling of it splashing against my crotch makes me shudder, and my cock keeps shooting jet after jet into her.
"Hnngh, it just won't stop..."
Her tightly-clenched asshole keeps in almost every drop of my thick cum.
"Aww, don't keep it all to yourself, Marie! Takumi-kuuun... Give me your cum too!"
"Gladly!"
The only reason there's so much is because of her, after all.
I wrestle my cock from the tightness of Marie-senpai's asshole.
"Ahhn, it's still cumming so much! It's going on my face, and everywhere... Hahhhn!"
"Ahhhn, it's amazing! It's all over me... I'm covered in your thick, hot cum, Takumi-kun..."
I spray every last drop I have over their bodies.
It showers them like white rain on their dark skin.
Even after all that I poured in Marie-senpai's pussy, I just can't seem to stop.
"Ahhn, you got to have this inside you too, Marie? I'm so jealous..."
"D-Don't blame it on me... Mmn, it's so hot... My whole body is all sticky with cum... Ahn..."
The expressions they make as I cover them in my cum are so heavenly that I don't want to ever stop.
It coats their hair and their faces, their expressions pure ecstasy.
The lustful, ravenous looks they're giving me are squeezing the cum out of me more than any pussy or asshole ever could.
By the time I'm finished, I feel truly drained of every drop.
"Hahh, hahhh... I think that about does it for training today..."
"What are you talking about? You think this match is over yet? Heh, we still haven't decided the winner."
"That's right, you haven't even cum inside me yet! Come on, get up and shove that cock in me!"
Oh god. They really are not just sportswomen, but ogres too. I don't think I'm getting out of this ring any time soon...
They start to bear down on me like wrestlers on a %i1chankonabe%r stew. %i1Hakkeyoi%r, my little %i1rikishi!
