ディーレ
ミャウ
炎厨矢
So today is that standard event you get in any school in the world, the "Mother-Daughter Naked Cock-Sharing Pool Day."
(Wait, no. This isn't the school pool! This is that pool straight out of a porno! Hang on... This is my Ero-Magic again, isn't it?)
I was supposed to be accompanying Myau and her mother Dire to the "Parent-and-Child Open Pool Day."
But now they're right in front of me wearing the sexiest swimsuits I've ever seen. I love my Ero-Magic!
Dire's voluptuous body is bobbing down not in the water, but on my cock.
"Ahhn, ahhn! Takumi-san, thank you ever so much for saving my daughter just now... MMMNGH!"
Oh, there's no need to thank me. Especially in a voice so sexy it just made my shaft throb.
"Ahhhn... Please, from now on, take care of her... Ahn, and in return, I'll take care of your cock. Hahhn!"
Her pussy is gripping and massaging my shaft as if pleading with me to agree. And how can I turn her down in this situation!?
"B-B-But, Takumi-san's cock is mine! It's my responsibility!"
A pouting Myau forcibly pushes her boobs against my face. It's like she's trying to out-mother her own mother.
"Aahnn, Takumi... You're so good at backstroke... Mmmn..."
I thrust up into her like a dolphin, breaching all the way to the entrance of her womb with every stroke.
"Myau, are you really getting to freestyle on this amazing cock all the time? Ahahhn!"
"Mother, d-d-don't say that... But... Yep..."
If you're embarrassed, don't answer!
"Hmm, maybe I should move in with you... Mmn!"
"N-No way! Takumi-san is mine! Hahhn! Drink up and get really big and strong, Takumi-san. ♪"
Dire-san's enormous boobs are spurting out as much milk as her daughter's, splashing down in the water as she rides and moans.
"Mmmnph, *slurrrp*!"
"Ah, T-Takumi-san, don't suck so hard... Haahhn!"
I can't help it! Her boobs have such cute little inverted nipples, I just have to tease them!
Before I know it, I've got my lips wrapped around one of them.
"Ahhn! You can suck my breasts too, Takumi... I want to know how they taste compared to Myau. ♪ Hahhn!"
"Ahhn, honestly, you're sucking like a baby... Ahahn!"
I swap between their boobs, licking, slurping, and even nibbling their nipples in turn.
"Ahhhn! I've got to keep up my butterfly stroke too... Ahn! Ahn! Ahn! Ahn! Ahn!"
Ah, their boobs are both so amazing! I can't choose!
Seeing them both moaning and panting like this is so exciting that I can feel my own backstroke's pace getting faster and faster.
"Ahhn, we're supposed to be practicing our breaststroke, and instead we're getting breastsucked! Hahhn!"
"Ahhn, don't say that! Haahhn!"
I reach around Myau's ass to tease her slit through her legs.
She's already slick with warm, sticky love nectar.
"Ahhn, Takumi-san, Takumi-san! Drink all of my milk!"
I shove both of her swollen nipples in my mouth at the same time, and eagerly slurp her sweetness down.
"Haaahnn! Ahn, ahhhhn, haahhn!"
She shivers and twitches all over.
"Ahhn... Ahahnn! Haahhn! Ahn!"
Dire-san's movements speed up in rhythm with mine. Myau is pushing her breasts together herself now, and shoving them into my mouth eagerly.
"Ahhn, no... I can't stop... Ahhhnn, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumminnnggggg!"
"Ahnn, I'm cumming from my boobs! Ahhhn, I'm cumminngggg!!!"
I feel Dire-san's pussy walls clench, and Myau's nipples erupt with milk. It sends a jolt of pleasure through me and I instantly reach my limit.
My cock lets forth a torrent of cum directly against the entrance to Dire-san's womb.
There's so much pouring out and painting her pussy walls white that I have to think this is another Ero-Magic effect.
"Hahh, hahh... If you fill me up this much... Myau might end up with a little brother or sister... ♪"
"Hahh, hahhhn... I hope it's a little brother. If I had a little sister, she'd probably start competing with me too!"
Does she even realize what she's saying!?
My cock is still gripped in Dire-san's pussy, seemingly spent. But as I feel her writhing on top of me, it's quickly raring to go again.
"Hahhn, you're amazing... It's still so hard. Even though my pussy's already swimming in your cum!"
I never thought a dragon's pussy could feel this good, but just being inside Dire-san is making my cock tingle.
"Hahhn, wait, not there! Ahhhn!"
"Tsk, you think I could resist with this kinda ass in front of me? I'm going to switch into the other lane for another length!"
"Ahhn, no, if you put in there— Hahhn! Hngh, ahnnn!"
I take my cock and press it into her surprisingly small and cute asshole, which has been twitching before my eyes this whole time.
"Nnngh... A-Ahhn... Mmn, hahhhn!"
Phew, it's so tight that I'm starting to pant and moan myself!
"Ahhhn! Even my husband has never fucked my ass before! Ahhn! You really are a pervert, Takumi!"
"Ahn, Mother, don't compliment him like that! I'm the one who gets to compliment him like that!"
%150; "What about 'pervert' is a compliment exactly!?"
Dammit, this conversation is so dumb that I'm going to punish this airheaded MILF's ass a little!
I raise my hand as if I'm doing the front crawl, and aim my palm straight for her plump cheeks.
"Ahhn, no, that's not the proper technique! It feels too good!"
"Ahhn, what a filthy woman you are, Mother! T-Takumi-san... You have to teach me to swim like that too, okay!?"
Wait, why am I the teacher now?
I grind my fingers into Myau's pussy walls, teasing every part of them in freestyle and enjoying the way they try to grip and squeeze me.
Dire-san looks somehow envious of how much I'm playing with her daughter's pussy.
She's still bouncing her big, heart-shaped ass on my cock as she does, however.
"Ahhhn, I'm cumming again! I can't believe it, I'm cumming from my ass! AHAHHHN!"
Seeing her mother's most obscene expressions revealed in front of her, Myau can't help but squish her boobs against my face.
I take her swollen nipples into my mouth and forcefully lick and nibble on them.
"Ahhhn! Takumi-san, you're biting my nipples! Hahhn, I'm cumming, I'm cumminnggg!"
Dire-san's asshole clamps around my cock, completely preventing me from pulling out.
I obligingly start to let out such a flood of sticky cum into her ass that it spurts out of her tight entrance.
"Ahhhnnn! It's so hot in my assssss!"
"Hahhn, hahhhn, I'm cumming from my pussy and my boobs at the same time, ahhhnn!"
They both cling close to me with their thick, voluptuous bodies, moaning in ecstasy.
"Ahhhn... It feels so dirty having my ass filled with cum... It's so good. ♪"
Dire-san's expression is absolute bliss from having her anal cherry popped. Even after we're finished, she's still all over me.
"Ahhn... I'm totally drowning in you, Takumi..."
"Well, I'm always willing to artificially respirate you, Dire-san!"
"Oh, Mother, honestly!"
Something about their adorable banter leaves me both heartwarmed, and cockwarmed.
