みぞれ
みぞれ大人
炎厨矢
Feeling a little sleepy after lunch break, I decided to take a nap under a tree in the courtyard.
"Wakey wakey, sleepyhead! It's playtime! ♪"
Mizore-chan is always so cute. I just want to pack her up and take her home.
"Playtime, huh? What do you want to play? Spin the bottle? Truth or dare? Strip poker?"
She doesn't seem up for any of those. Or maybe she doesn't know what they are?
"I want to roleplay with you! ♪"
"Err, roleplay...?"
Like... a tea party? Roleplaying in the academy courtyard doesn't seem entirely appealing...
"While there's a mountain of things I'd love to roleplay with you, I'm just a bit tired right now from lunch..."
"Didn't you enjoy our last play session?"
"I did, honestly! I'm not making excuses, Mizore-chan!"
Besides, if Erena or Naomin caught us %i1roleplaying%r here, they'd have my guts for sexy garters.
"Ohh... Am I not a big enough girl for you, Takumi-nii? I can try harder!"
"No, no... I'm telling you, that's not the... Wh-What the—"
A blinding light shines from Mizore-chan's already-awesome figure. My jaw drops to the floor as I witness what emerges.
"W-Wait, wh-what!? Where did Mizore-chan go!?"
"It's me, Mizore, Takumi-nii! Am I a big girl now?"
Mizore-chan strikes a slightly cliché yet sexy pose with her hands behind her head. Perhaps she saw a model on TV do it once?
Tantalizingly more voluptuous than before, her new figure is an invigorating transformation.
"M-Mizore-chan! Y-You're an even bigger girl now!"
Struggling to even speak, I nod my head uncontrollably in affirmation as if headbanging to heavy metal.
How is this even possible!? Surely there's not even a cup size for those beach balls!
I was just about to politely decline her roleplaying offer, but I would roleplay with %i1them%r any day!
This smoking-hot babe is certainly wife material—in the bedroom, at least...
And I'll play the role of this bride's debauched husband.
The act of simply fantasizing about our wedding night together blesses me with a new Ero-Magic skill.
The new Ero-Magic is called "Real Roleplay PRO-69K: No Explanation Required."
I'll get to roleplay with this voluptuous Mizore-chan as my new bride? Awesome.
%150;Wait what!? Holy shi—
A shotgun wedding requires a shotgun bedding!
...
......
"Honey, I'm home! I slayed three wild basilisks today, Mizore!"
Husbands don't normally use "chan" after their wives' names, you see? Roleplaying is serious business.
I could tell that my killing three basilisks is already getting her juices flowing.
"Welcome home, darling! ♪ Dinner's ready! Would you like to eat or shower first?"
"Or would you like to %i1do%r me first? Teehee! ♪"
"Let me see... How about I eat you out and then we take a steamy honeymoon bath to get the baby-making in full swing?"
"Oh, husband, you're so naughty! ♪ Mwah, mwah, mmmwah!"
The kisses signify her total approval, of course.
This is no child's play. Her kisses are passionate and promise a %i1very%r happy marriage indeed.
