イザベル
エレクトラ
サブリナ
ムンムン
炎厨矢
"Hey, why are you staring so hard, Takumi-kun? You must really be as perverted as my daughter says you are. ♪"
Right before my eyes are a bunch of sexy elf milfs exposing themselves in their tennis apparel.
The ladies look so sexy in these outfits.
(C-Can you really call that tennis apparel!?)
According to Muhnmuhn-san, it's normal tennis apparel, but these costumes expose far more skin than the tennis apparel I'm familiar with.
They're closer to gymnastics leotards, but far more risqué. It's as if they were made for sex appeal.
(And I think to myself, what a wonderful other world!)
"Oh, Takumi-kun... Teehee, it looks like your 'racket' is making quite a racket. ♪"
Muhnmuhn? More like, "Mmm, mm, good." She's such a sexy, voluptuous dark elf milf.
And her bust is clearly larger than Naomin's.
Her nipples are inverted like her daughter's, too. Her pale brown areolae are like poison to my male lust.
(Naomin's boobs were sexy too, but these are even sexier. Like mother, like daughter.)
In any case, her proportions aren't anything like you'd expect from a mother who's experienced childbirth. That gap has me swooning.
Could she actually still be growing, by any chance?
"You've got some splendid equipment there. How would you like to play one set with me right away?"
Electra-san turns her brown ass toward me and seductively spreads her lower lips.
From her proactive words and gestures, I can tell she's a veteran soldier.
She has a powerful aura that makes me want her to dominate and abuse me.
She's got a tight ass, a wet pussy, and a spreadable asshole just begging to be penetrated. Electra-san's got me erect already.
"Muhnmuhn said this boy was amazing, but just how amazing could he be?"
Isabelle-san comes from a family that's noble, even among the elves.
Her shining blonde hair is extravagant and noble too, but in contrast, her body is extravagantly lewd.
She's got a slender waist and boobs with elegantly outlined curves. And she exudes pheromones that would take any man prisoner.
Her spilling milk looks so delicious I want to start sucking it out now.
"Mmhmm, so he's a human. But just look at his racket. Let's start immediately. ♪"
Sabrina-san's a lewd elf milf who seems like a bright and cheerful older sister.
What draws my attention about her is how athletic she is, which really fits that sort of personality.
She's thick in the right places, and slender in all the right places, too. She's like a chiseled hourglass! Perfect body! Incredible!
Each and every lady is locked onto my erection, devouring it with their eyes.
Ladies, please! I thought you were here for tennis, not penis!
This is like a dream come true. Something out of an eromanga or an eroge. My heart's throbbing.
"Okay, well, we should begin with some warm-up exercises... Mmm... ♪"
"Mmmmggghh!?"
Muhnmuhn-san suddenly steals my lips and slips her tongue inside.
I twine my tongue back around hers.
As our tongues wrap and melt together, I can feel my chest burning up.
Muhnmuhn-san's sexy kiss is so intense, it feels like my bones are melting. I want to savor this pleasure more.
"Whoa, whoa, save some for the rest of us. It's my turn next... Mwah..."
"Ahhh!"
A smooth sensation suddenly runs through my ear.
Electra-san creeps her tongue around inside it.
Her ear-licking's so intense, it feels like my hips are gonna give out.
"In that case, I'll take this side... Mm, mwah..."
She licks my other ear softly, slowly, seductively.
She's using fine, delicate, obscene movements in contrast to Electra's rough and wild approach.
The contrasting stimuli in each ear send an indescribable pleasure surging through my mind in between.
My ears are violated by obscene squelching sounds right up close to my eardrums.
"Ah, ahhh..."
I can't help but cry out thanks to the exquisite erotic techniques possessed by these married women.
"Hey guys, that's not fair! Let me in, too! Mwah, mmmlln..."
Sabrina-san sticks out her tongue and starts stroking it against the nape of my neck.
"...*gulp*..."
I can't help but gulp as I watch Sabrina running her tongue against my throat as she looks at me with upturned eyes.
My lust is driven to the bursting point by these slutty elf milfs licking my body like candy.
"Oh my, your racket wants to play tennis so badly that it's throbbing. Shall we begin?"
"I've been waiting for you to say that! Why doesn't our side serve first?"
"Mmgh! Ahhh!"
Isabelle-san and Electra-san suddenly win on an ace.
They flank me on both sides before suddenly rolling up my tennis apparel and sucking on my exposed nipples.
"The early birdie gets the worm... Omm, mm, mwah..."
"Teehee. You let out such a cute voice. Let us hear it some more... Mwah, mlln..."
Both my nipples are stimulated at the same time by contrasting light-skinned and dark-skinned milf elves.
They roll my hardened nipples with their tongues and play-bite them with their front teeth.
The play-biting is exceptionally stimulating. Each gentle nibble sends electricity running down toward my lower half.
"Mm, mmgh..."
That, compounded with the occasional lick of the areola, is to die for.
"What's wrong? The match is only getting started... Mm, mwah, omm..."
"That's right. The score's about 30-Love. We're winning, obviously... Mwah, mmlln..."
The two elves look at me provocatively as they stimulate my nipples even harder.
(Th-This pleasure is only the beginning...? More, please!)
Thanks to the stimulation from both sides, my penis racket's getting more and more swollen.
It's then that I notice the milfs looking at the tent I've pitched.
"Hey, no need to be so hasty, you two. Let us have some of the fun, too. ♪"
"In that case, let's take care of him down here."
They quickly pull down my pants, exposing my hard, curved penis racket. It's then that the looks on their faces change.
"My, what a wonderful racket you have there. ♪ I've never seen one this amazing... Mwah."
"With a racket like this, you could beat all four of us pants down. Mwah! ♪"
They start kissing my dick from below, like fish gathering around food at a koi pond.
The kissing gradually becomes a tongue-crawling double blowjob as they relentlessly tease my swollen shaft.
"Mmgh, th-that's... so intense..."
It's like they're squeezing the tip, the shaft, and every other sensitive part of my dick between their two tongues.
The two erotically experienced elf milfs suddenly start sucking me off even harder than before.
Now they're sucking hard on my two dangling tennis balls.
"Gaaahhh!!"
They suckle on each testicle as they roll their tongues against my sack, causing my toes to curl harder than they ever have before.
And thanks to that stimulation, an endless stream of translucent fluid starts leaking out of the tip.
"Look at how much you're leaking already... But the match has only just begun. *slurp*..."
Once the two of them notice, they scramble to suck the precum from my tip.
The vacuum suction feels like it's wringing me out all the way down to the base. It's enough to make my head start going blank.
Meanwhile, my nipples are still getting teased like crazy, obviously.
The stimulation from above and below is so intense, I nearly climax, but I'd be a failure of a man if I let this overwhelm me.
I desperately steel myself and endure the slutty milf elves' orgasmic onslaught.
"You're taking all four of us on like a champ. That's youth for you. ♪"
(You ladies are still plenty young yourselves, though!)
But I can't stay on the defensive like this forever. I guess it's about time for my counterattack!
"Okay, now it's time for my service game! And my first target is you!"
I take Electra-san by the hand, face her backwards, set my sights, and spike my serve.
"Mmmgh, ahhhh!! Y-You've got a lot of nerve aiming for me first... I'll take you on... Mmmgh!"
With the determination to win on an ace, I penetrate Electra-san's pussy and thrust until my cock's all the way in to the base.
The strong-willed married woman's pussy takes it in with ease, pulling it deeper and deeper in. She's returned my powerful serve.
"The rally's only just beginning."
Without resting, I grind my hips, plunging in and out.
"Mmmgh, ahhh! Y-You're pretty powerful... Ahh, ahh, b-but I won't lose to you..."
No matter where I stimulate her with my cock, her pussy retaliates by squeezing it back.
Privates slam against privates, hip against hip, making quite a racket as the intense rally continues.
"Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhhh! Mmgh, mm, mmm, mmmgh, ahhhhhh!!"
With each thrust, Electra-san moans and her ass claps.
(Not only does her ass have volume, but the way it sways is sexy too. Even the way her asshole twitches is a turn-on. Hot damn!)
(I guess all dark elves have sexy assholes... You can't show me something like that and expect me not to penetrate it!)
I stick a finger into the twitching flower bud before me.
"Mmgh, ah, ahhh! Ah, ahh, nooo! Mmgh, ahhh... Haaaahhh!"
The moment I stick my finger in her ass, Electra-san cries out in joy.
"Brats these days like to tease places like that, huh...? Looks like I'll have to punish you with my pussy... Ahhh, mm, nooo..."
Her fleshy folds start kneading and massaging my cock. Looks like it's an oil massage, too.
The strong-willed Electra-san lets out surprisingly sweet sighs as her slit stimulates me. The stark contrast only turns me on harder.
(If it feels that good, then that's all the more reason for me to tease her asshole.)
"Controlling rallies isn't just about thrusting as hard as you can."
I stick my finger even further inside, bend it, and start playing deep inside her wanting asshole.
"Ah, ahh, ahhh, ahhhh! Mmgh, mm, mmmgh, mmggh, ahhhh!"
In response, Electra-san's hips swing strongly back and forth as if to beg for more anal teasing.
When I give her what she wants, her asshole squeezes me just as hard as her pussy.
"I can't neglect your other hole, now can I?"
Now that she's feeling it with her asshole, I resume stirring up her pussy.
Each time I thrust in and out of her honey-soaked pussy, the resulting obscene sounds only agitate my arousal.
"Ahhhh! Y-You're reaching all the way... to my womb...! Ahhh, mm, mmmgghhh!!"
I thrust my tip up against her womb, which has instinctively prepared itself for action due to the ongoing rally.
The soft stimulation causes our rally to instantly heat up.
"Electra-san, your walls contract each time I thrust. Are you craving my cum? Do you want my human seed that bad?"
"Hey... Don't tease your elders... Ahh! Ah, ahh! Besides, I don't even know if I can conceive your child... Ahh, mmgh!"
"So you don't deny it, huh? Well, that look on your face is so incredibly sexy and cute."
"C-Cu—!? I-I just said not to tease your... Ahhh, mm, haaaahhhhh!"
I guess Electra-san's not used to being called cute. Her face is flushed for reasons other than just pleasure.
That reaction in itself is cute. My penis racket throbs at the sight of it.
And Electra-san must be feeling that throbbing in her pussy, as she's getting more and more disheveled with every thrust.
"I love women like you, Electra-san. Please bear my child!"
She writhes in embarrassment as she takes that half-joke fully seriously.
(Oh shit, she's so damn cute. This is moé. Moééééééééé!!)
Riled up, I pound my hips even harder.
"Mmmgh, ahh, ahhh! Ahh, ahh, noooo! Mmgh, ahh... Haaaah!"
When my spike smashes against her deepest spot, Electra-san starts screaming and moaning.
The rally nearly has me cumming, but luckily, I used an Ero-Magic restraint skill beforehand, allowing me to just barely endure explosion.
"Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahhhh! Mmgh, mm, mmgh, mmgh, ahhhhh!"
But she's trembling so hard, it makes me think she's going over the edge already herself.
It's as if she's begging me to make her cum. And as soon as that thought crosses my mind...
"Hey, that's not fair, Takkun! I can't wait any longer! It's my turn next!"
"Huh!?"
An incredible force pushes me, and on that same beat, my cock slips out of Electra-san's pussy.
And she collapses on the spot, too overwhelmed with pleasure to even stand.
"Takkun, hurry up... and give me your cock... Mmgh..."
But before I have time to worry about Electra-san, I'm pushed onto the bench.
Sabrina-san then steals my lips.
"Omm... Mm, mmch, *slurp*! Mmch, mwah, mmgh... Mmmgghhh!"
Sabrina-san forces her tongue into my mouth and runs it all over.
And at the same time, she rubs her honey-dripping slit against my tip, sinking her hips onto mine mid-kiss.
"Mmmgh!"
 The simultaneous syrupy sensations of her slit and tongue assail me. My blood boils and circulates to my lower half.
Sabrina-san keeps gradually sinking her hips, and before I know it, she's all the way down to the base.
"Mmgh... Takkun, your dick's all the way inside... Ahh... It's getting bigger and bigger... Ahh... It feels so good..."
With my cock inside her, Sabrina-san sighs in satisfaction.
She's bright and cheerful enough to playfully call me Takkun, but her body's just exuding with mature milf charm.
And in contrast to Electra-san's dark skin, she vaguely resembles a Japanese college student in looks. It's quite fascinating.
(Though I guess she's way hotter than any college students I've seen!)
She definitely has the body of a milf, plus she's gladly gobbling up my cock with her pussy. It's definitely arousing.
"Your pussy is amazing, Sabrina-san!"
She must be happy to hear that, as she smiles innocently and slowly moves her hips back and forth.
"Your dick's amazing too, Takkun! Ahhh! It's so manly, my hips are moving on their own! Mmgh, ahh, ahhh!"
As Sabrina-san's hips gradually speed up, her once youthful smile quickly transforms into a sensual, mature smirk.
Her beautiful, charming face and her trembling, supple lips just beg me to kiss her. And as a man, I can't refuse.
I stick out my tongue and devour her shapely lips and mouth.
"Omm... Mm, mwah, *slurp*...! Mmch, mwah, mm... Mmmgh!"
Our lips intertwine as we ravage each other's mouths in a passionate, mind-melting kiss.
Sabrina-san and I tangle our tongues together, paying no heed to our saliva dripping down. Sabrina-san's hips don't stop, either.
Erect from all the licking, my nipples rub against Sabrina-san's with every thrust.
"It's like we're kissing with our upper mouths, our lower mouths, and even our nipples, too..."
Sabrina-san's expression gets even lewder as she starts proactively rubbing her nipples against mine.
My eyes squint hard at the pleasure of having all my sensitive spots rubbed.
Her sopping-wet pussy tirelessly squeezes me, as if to wring my essence out of my erection.
"Whoa, th-that feels so good!"
Though I'm restraining myself with Ero-Magic, my dick has already been driven near the limit, so this stimulation's still intense.
Any more of this, and even my enhanced erection could explode.
(Which means there's only one course of action!)
I brace myself for impact and twist Sabrina-san's nipples.
"Haaaaah! Ahh... Mmgh, ahhh... Ahh, ahh, mmgh, ahhh!"
With just a little twist, Sabrina-san lets out a shrill shriek and stops thrusting as she trembles with pleasure all over.
She's like an innocent virgin. Her pussy starts contracting harder than ever before as it tries to drag my cock over the edge with it.
"Ahhhhhhh! P-Please have mercy... Don't be rough with me there, or I'll... Ahh, ahhh!"
"Too bad. It's a valid strategy to exploit... or, should I say, 'sexploit' your opponent's weak spots!"
She's unable to bear the surging pleasure as I tease the tips of her fruit.
Sabrina-san wraps her arm tightly around my neck as she tries to brace herself for the pleasure.
But I can't wait for her endurance to give up. The moment I feel like I'm about to explode, I shake off her arm.
"Mmgh... Haah, haah... Huh...?"
It looks like Sabrina-san hasn't processed what just happened.
"Sorry to stop so suddenly. Let's finish later. Looks like those milfs can't wait any longer."
I pull out of Sabrina-san's pussy and sit her on the bench.
And when I let her go, she plops herself down, perhaps basking in the afterglow of the pleasure.
I then return to the two slutty milfs who are waiting for me.
"Sorry for the wait, ladies."
"Seriously, I've grown tired of waiting. ♪"
"We've already finished preparing, so to make up for the wait, you better play real hard against the two of us, okay?"
The two milf elves seductively spread their slits, sopping wet from waiting for my wang.
"Of course. My pleasure... I'm not gonna give you a pushing tennis stroke... but a pussy penis stroke!"
After serving up that pun, I serve my shuttlecock into Isabelle-san's pussy.
"Aaaahhhh, mmmggghhh!! Ahh, mm... That's a pretty pleasant thing to say... And your penis is so big... Humans... are amazing... Ahhhh!"
When I penetrate her standing doggy style, Isabelle-san shows no sign of resistance. In fact, she drops her hips on me on her own.
Her obscene hip movements are unlike anything you'd expect from a distinguished woman. It's really turning me on.
"Your elf pussies are outrageously sexy too, Isabelle-san."
There's no need for me to hesitate here, so I start off strong with my pounding.
I keep thrusting at her pussy, stirring up all of the honey filling it up inside.
"Ahhhh... You're so rough... Humans must be lewd living beings... Ahhh, mmgh, ahhh, ahhh!"
Contrary to what she's saying, Isabelle-san's got an erotic look on her face as she swings her hips to match my thrusting.
"For a married woman, you seem happy to gobble up my cock. Are you sure %i1you're%r not the lewd one?"
I put even more strength into my hips as I thrust my dick, as if to pry her pussy wide open.
"Ahh, ahh, ah... Haaaahhh! Ah, mmgh... Mmgh, mmgh, ahhhh!"
Her erotic pussy gradually heats up as it squeezes and caresses my cock all the way down to the base.
"Do you always squeeze your husband's cock this hard?"
"O-Of course not... He's always busy, so we rarely have the chance... Ahh, s-so..."
"So you're sexually frustrated, huh? In that case, allow me to unfrustrate you."
And as if I wasn't thrusting hard enough, I thrust even harder, spreading her pussy.
With each thrust, Isabelle-san lets out sweet, sexy sighs, squeezing her pussy as if to savor the flavor of my cock.
"Mmmmmgh! Mm, ahhh, haah... Ahh, ahh, hic... Nooo!"
She must be incredibly sexually frustrated. Her luscious, lovely voice gets louder with each lunge.
(I'm gonna stain this lewd elf milf with the color of my lust!)
I turn her face my way and kiss her deeply, passionately from behind.
"Mmmmggh!? H-Hey... N-Not so suddenly, mmgh, mwah... Mmgh, mwah, *slurp*...!"
And as I kiss her, Isabelle-san sticks her tongue out and seductively twines it around mine.
Saliva swaps as our lips and tongues dance together.
The deep kiss has Isabelle-san in a daze. She suckles on my tongue and licks my gums and inner cheeks.
"...*slurp* *slurp*...! Teehee, you're not getting away that easily... Mmph, mlln, mmmwah!"
Her tongue nearly sucks the saliva out of my mouth. She quivers in pleasure from the kiss, but she doesn't let up on her attack.
The tables have turned.
"Mmgh..."
Now Isabelle-san's staining me with her color. I need to find a way to counter her.
"Mmmgh! H-Hey, what are you— Aaahhhhhh!!"
As I try to think of a counterattack, Isabelle-san suddenly stops kissing me and lets out a sweet, shrill squeak.
"Mmrgh, don't just ignore me and hog all the fun to yourself. ♪"
Unable to contain her lust, Muhnmuhn-san leans over in front of Isabelle-san and starts sucking on her boob.
"W-Wait... I'm sensitive there right now! Ahh, mmgh, n-nooo!!"
Isabelle-san's plump breasts indeed seem quite sensitive, as she lets out heavy breaths each time Muhnmuhn-san sucks.
Plus, her pussy suddenly squeezes me even tighter than ever.
"Aaggghhh...!"
This tightness feels so good, I can almost feel my hips giving out.
But Muhnmuhn-san's cooperative strike has weakened Isabelle-san. I need to be offensive—I mean, I need to go %i1on%r the offensive!
I start thrusting my cock all the way in and out of her pussy again.
"Ahh, ahh, ahh... Haaaahhh, mmgh! Ah, mm... Mmgh, mmm, ahhh, mmmggh!"
She trembles as she drowns in the pleasure of the powered-up plunging of my dick and the tormentous teasing of her teat tips.
With her eyes enchanted, her saliva sloppily spilling, Isabelle-san exposes an erotic side to her unfitting of a noble elf.
But she doesn't try to hide it. She's either lost control of herself, or the pleasure has overwhelmed her.
In fact, the look in her eyes seems to beg for more.
"You still haven't had enough? What a naughty little elf milf you are. Just how I like 'em!"
I thrust even harder. Hard enough to send waves of pleasure echoing from her womb all the way up to the crown of her head.
"Mmmggh!! Your cock feels so good! You're molding my pussy into the shape of your cock! I'll never be able to forget your cock!!"
With each thrust, the disheveled Isabelle-san arches back.
Muhnmuhn-san and I play doubles to take her down once and for all.
(I wanna suck her boobs too! But I wanna savor her pussy! What do I do!?)
It's then that I realize there's one set of suckable boobs ready for the taking.
Those boobs are the biggest of all the milf elves, and it's full of succulent juice, too.
I pull out of Isabelle-san's pussy and stick it into Muhnmuhn-san's.
"Mmgh, haah... Ahhh... Ahh, ahh... Mmmgh!"
Instantly, her impatient pussy squeezes tight. It feels amazing, just like the other three milfs.
But my focus isn't on her pussy, but her ripe, dangling fruits.
Her nipples were sunken moments ago, but now they're fully exposed and erect.
I stick my dick all the way to the base and start sucking on one of the big mountains towering before my eyes.
"Ahhhhhh! You just started sucking my boob out of nowhere. You're so assertive, Takumi ♪ Ahh, ah, yes, keep sucking. ♪"
I suck on her left boob, pressing on her nipple in the process.
And soon enough, her thick breast milk starts flowing into my mouth.
The warmth and sweetness spread in my mouth, bringing me back to my days as a baby coddled by my mother.
"Mm, mwah, mm... *gulp*..."
"Haah, haah... Ahhhh..."
It's got such an addicting taste and thickness. I'm so absorbed in sucking, I forget to move my hips.
"Ahhh, c'mon, Takumi-kun... Don't focus just on my breasts. You have to give my pussy some love too with that massive dick of yours! ♪"
Tired of waiting, Muhnmuhn-san starts moving her hips instead. The pleasure from her pussy pulls me back from my boob-obsessed daze.
"Y-Yes ma'am!"
I let go of my mouth for a second to focus on shaking my hips.
Despite all my prior thrusting, I don't feel tired at all. These milf elf pussies are just on a completely different level.
"Yes, yes... Ahhh! Your dick's rubbing me in all the right places, mm, ahh, ahhhh! I'll make you feel good with my pussy, too ♪ Ahhh!"
Muhnmuhn-san swings her hips to match my thrusts, sending strong, sweet sensations through my dick.
The sensual look on her face shows she's still on top of things.
So I pound her even harder to turn that confident motherly smile into the face of a depraved horny slut.
"Ahh! Ahhh, ah, mmgh... Haah, ahhh, mmgh, mmmgh, haaah!"
The seductive, mature Muhnmuhn-san moan-moans some more.
And her pussy squeezes down hard, like "mmph-mmph." So hard, you'd think she's a virgin and not a woman who's had a child.
"I-It feels so good... Haah, haah..."
All this pounding is tiring me out. When Muhnmuhn-san notices I'm a little out of breath, she lifts up her boobs and beckons me.
"Thanks for the food! Don't mind if I do!"
I suck on her boob as suggested. After an intense workout, her boob milk really refreshes me and replenishes my stamina.
"Mwah, mwah... Mm... *gulp*..."
So this is the ambrosia that nourished Naomin as an infant...
I'm so jealous!
So I'm gonna hog all her remaining milk for myself!
"You're suckling on my boob like a baby... You're tickling my maternal instincts! Suck more! ♪ Ahh, mm, mmgh!"
I suck out all the saved-up milk in her rotund R-cup breasts. Her sensitive nipples spray the milk endlessly down my throat.
Muhnmuhn-san's boobs look almost painfully swollen, as if they're begging to be sucked more and more.
"Mmm... Pwah! Okay, next up..."
I have to give them what they want, so I bring both boobs together and suck on both nipples at the same time.
"Mmgh, ahh, ahh, ahh... Ahh, mmgh... Mmgh, mm, haaah!"
More boob milk than I can even begin to drink starts spraying out of her nipples.
Her milk's getting thicker and thicker. I can feel it in my tongue and in my throat.
Muhnmuhn-san's just that aroused. You can see it in her disheveled face and her incredibly tight pussy.
"Mmgh, pwah... Just look at all this milk. You must really be backed up. What a naughty mommy."
Her overwhelming motherly presence is enough to reduce any man into a baby.
But there's no need to feel any shame or resentment over that. Just go with the flow. No use crying over spilled milk.
Become a baby, and this mommy will baby you. She'll take in all your lust with her plump boobs and her tight pussy.
"Mmgh, ahh, ahhh, ahh... Ahh, mmgh... Mmmgh, mm, haaahhh, mmmggh!"
I pound her pussy and twist the tips of her tits. Her milk sprays like a broken hose in a beautiful white arc contrasting her dark skin.
The disheveled Muhnmuhn-san's sexy hip movements get faster and faster before I know it.
I grind my hips wide, poking my tip against the empty cradle that once held Naomin.
"Ahhhh... My womb's throbbing because of your dick! ♪ Thrust harder... Ahh, ahhh!"
Every time I hit the entrance of her womb, her pussy clings to me as if begging for my seed.
"Muhnmuhn-san, I'm gonna cum!"
The burning passion building within me begs for liberation.
"Go ahead and cum. ♪ Ahhh, spray your semen inside my pussy! ♪ Ahh, ahhhh!"
"Okay, but before that..."
I cast Ero-Magic, creating shadow bone copies of my dick, each one penetrating the pussies of the partners I had pleasured previously.
"Eeeeeeeppp! I-It's suddenly inside me... Ahh, mmgh, ahhh!"
"Takkun, your dick's swelling up... Are you gonna cum? Are you? Ahhh, ahh, ahhh!"
"Ahh... If you cum, you're gonna make me pregnant, and yet... Ahhh, it feels so good... My body craves your seed!"
The surprise cocks have the ladies trembling in pleasure. The sensation of their squeezing slits synergizes as it surges onto my schlong.
No amount of magical restraint can prevent the pleasure from overwhelming my cock.
I enter one final volley as I pound my hips hard and deal one last decisive spike upon the ladies' wombs.
At that moment, all four milf pussies clamp down, sending indescribable pleasure coursing through my body, wiping my mind blank.
"Aaaaahhhhhhh!! Takumi, your baby batter's filling my pussy! It feels so good, I'm cumming! ♪"
"Y-Your seed's so amazing... Ahh, my pussy, my womb's never been this full..."
"Eeeeep! I'm gonna bear your child, Takkun! Ahhh, I'm cumming tooo!"
"Ahhhhh! H-How can humans have so much vitality...? Ahhh, I can't take in all this semen! Haaaahhh!"
Right as I ejaculate, all of the elf milfs convulse and cum.
An inordinate amount of semen flows out from my Ero-Magic-enhanced penis...es.
"Ugh... I'm still... I'm still cumming."
My body keeps throbbing as I fill the milf wombs with my cloudy white lust.
Without a place to go, my excess semen backflows and ceaselessly spills from where we're joined. But I still keep pumping out more.
The milf elves accept it all with the mature understanding characteristic of experienced adults.
"Haah, haah... It's finally... over..."
When I finally finish ejaculating, my exhaustion finally catches up to me and crashes down.
"Game... set..."
But there's no sign of fatigue on the ladies' faces. They're still looking at me like horny kittens ready to pounce.
"Teeheehee... ♪ We've only finished the first set, haven't we?"
Are you fucking kidding me!? Just how many sets are we doing!?
"Didn't you know...? In tennis, it's first to three sets... Haah, haah..."
"Th-Three sets!?"
But contrary to my expectations, my racket's already standing back up, ready for the next set.
