二人
炎厨矢
英玲奈
魔美
"Mmn... Hahh, ahhn... My, you really have grown up, haven't you? Hahhn..."
"H-Hey...! You've been focusing on nothing but my mom's boobs for a while now... I know she's bigger, but I'm not too small myself!"
(Holy... What an amazing pair of pairs!)
In front of my eyes is the most wonderful sight: The enormous, soft, bouncy tits of both Erena and her mother, Mami-san.
Their rock-hard nipples press against my cheeks, and my cock grows harder and harder.
"Ahn! Mmn, honestly... You could try to look a little less obviously pleased with yourself."
I bury my face in the feast of softness in front of me, wallowing in the overwhelming air of motherliness.
"Hehe, you're so cute. You always have loved boobs, haven't you? Go ahead and touch and suck them as much as you want... Ahn, mmn, hahhn..."
"Mmmph, gladly!"
Of course, Erena's breasts are perfect and bouncy too, but Mami-san's have a youthfulness that you really wouldn't expect from a mature woman.
She looks down at me with a gentle expression as she lets me suckle on her like a newborn baby.
(Ahh, it's been so long since I've visited Erena's house...)
I can hardly see anything due to all the beautiful boobage in my face, but I'm acutely aware that we're at her place right now.
The room's ceiling is decorated with all manner of arcane-looking dried flowers and plants. It couldn't be more witch-like if it tried.
They should really get KonMari in here. I'm going to assume there's some kind of reason behind having all of this stuff around, though.
"You used to come around to play all the time when you were little. Do you remember getting in the bath with Erena?"
"Mmn, of course... *schlurp*!"
"H-Hey, don't talk about that kind of thing right now! It's embarrassing when we're like this!"
Mami-san really hasn't changed much from how she used to be back in my original world. But... her boobs might have got ever-so-slightly bigger.
Whenever I used to go and stay with my grandmother over the holidays, I'd always go to Erena's to hang out, since she lived nearby.
Erena was really cute back then, too, and Mami-san was as spellbinding as any youthful-looking mother is to boys that age.
I always thought they seemed like the kind of stunning mother and daughter combo you'd only see in a Hollywood film.
Ahh, that takes me back... Except my little reverie is suddenly interrupted when I make eye contact with Erena.
"...Hmph!"
All this time I've been focused on Mami-san's nipples, and Erena is pouting adorably at me. I can't help but smile at the competitive spirit.
It just wants to make me tease her even more, and I take the stiff, quivering nipple poking into my cheek roughly between my lips.
"Hahhn! Ahnn, you always suck on them in such a dirty way... Mnnn! Ahn, ahnnn! Ahn, don't be so rough... You're so greedy sometimes— Hahhn!"
Jeez, does she want me to suck them or not? I'm just going to interpret "Don't suck them" as "Ahn, yes please, suck on my titties."
I start swapping my attentions between their duelling pairs, licking and teasing each in turn, enjoying the heavenly softness.
Thanks to my magic, even Erena is already squirting thick and delicious gushes of milk from her nipples.
I suck the sweet nectar from Mami-san's breasts as I squeeze the ample, squishy mounds of what I can fit of both women in my hands.
Even the tiniest lick of Erena's boobs makes her quiver, and the more I suck on Mami-san's huge teats, the more she pushes them against my face.
I can feel the difference in their personalities and their sexual experience just through these massive mammaries. Oh, these tell-tale hooters!
"I can see why you've gone for a Japanese man just like I did, Erena. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree!"
Her face glows with pride as she looks at Erena in the throes of pleasure. She really is just as youthful and beautiful as her daughter...
Their boobs are just as stunning as each other's too, each so plump and jiggly that I can hardly restrain myself.
Their skin seems to suck in my fingers into their warm, wobbly softness, like four huge pillows.
"Mmn, mmnph! Mmn, mmmnnn!"
I play hot potato with their nipples, giving both of the pairs in front of me plenty of attention.
Both women's breathing grows increasingly ragged. They're quivering in my arms.
"Hahhn... Takkun, you really do love boobs just as much as you used to... Drink up all the milk you want!"
"Drink mine, too... There's so much coming out that you have to, or it'll go everywhere! Ahhnn, more! Ahahhn, suck on them more!"
Their moans grow more and more wild, and they're getting ever more excited too...
"Hyahhn, it's all squirting out!"
"Ahahhn! There's so much milk! Th-This is so embarrassing!"
Great fountains of white liquid spray out of their nipples.
It coats my face in its sticky sweetness, dripping down from my chin.
"Wow! I can't even drink all of this... Mmn, *slurp*! *lick*... Mmnph, *schlurp*!"
I lick and suck at the torrents streaming from their nipples, the motherly taste tingling my tongue as I gulp down mouthful after mouthful.
Merciful god, it's like an all-you-can-drink milk bar. I've never felt more grateful to have human taste buds.
"Ahhn, it's spilling everywhere... When it feels this good, it just won't stop coming out..."
"Isn't it wonderful, Erena? We can give Takkun plenty to taste test. Hehe, do you like it?"
"Mmmn... It's so good, I can't stop drinking... And you both taste ever so slightly different, mmm..."
"H-Hey, umm... I'm a little scared to ask this, but, well, be honest... Whose milk tastes the best?"
"Mmmn, they're both so sweet and thick..."
"Oh? But you said they tasted different, did you not?"
"Mmmph, but they're both so delicious I can't compare them... *slurp*! *gulp*!"
"Tsk, don't give me that... Answer me properly..."
Erena pouts again, pushing my face roughly into her breast.
"Mmnpgh!? Sh-Shtop that! I can't breathe!"
"My my, Elena, you're suffocating the poor boy. I'm sure he wouldn't want to die in such a shameful way as this."
Err, she seems awfully calm about someone literally dying because of her daughter's tits. You mind helping me out here a little?
Just as I'm on the brink of drowning in heavenly sweetness, I'm thankfully released from my marshmallow prison.
"Hmm, I suppose it is better if we take one side each."
"That would work, wouldn't it, Takkun? I'd hate to be the one to send you off to hell."
Why do you assume I'm going to hell!?
Well, I've escaped my milky fate, at least, and now find myself with boobs pressed to either side of my face. I feel like I'm already in heaven.
"Mmmn, *slurp*! *lick*! *schlurrrrp*..."
I deliberately smack my lips as loudly as possibly as I suck their stiff nipples, like I'm slurping up noodles..
All I can do is bury my face in the soft, milky flesh and enjoy this squishy sabbath.
I reach out my hand, and I find jugs. I turn my head, and I find hooters. There's only two pairs, and yet it feels like I'm bathing in bazongas.
(These are the most amazing, astonishing tits I've ever seen! I don't even know how to deal with all of this softness!)
"Ahhn, that feels great... You're good at this, Takkun. You always used to love sucking on my boobies like this."
"Huh!? Seriously!? Honestly, you'd actually do that to another person's mother? You creep! Don't you have any shame?"
"Hey, of course I do! C'mon, I was just a kid, I didn't know any better!"
"Pssh, of course you did! You were born a pervert, you were. Tsk, I should have realized it back then..."
"Bah, if I was really a pervert back then I'm sure I would have made it abundantly clear to you—"
"Now now, no fighting, you two. Takkun, you just focus on drinking up all you want."
Her gentle smile is quite the contrast to the sullen expression on the other... Well, I know what to do to turn that frown upside down.
"H-Hey, wait— Mmn, mwah! Mmn, ahn... Mwah, mmph..."
"Mmm, mwah, *slurp*..."
I press my lips to hers, and soon our tongues are entwining in her mouth.
Her expression quickly softens, and when I run my lips down her neck and collarbone to her still-leaking breasts, she's left panting.
"Mmmn, *schlurp*! Man, it's so tasty... Mmn, mwah, *lick*..."
"Hahhn, ahnn... Y-You're making those perverted sounds again... It's really embarrassing hearing them coming from my body... Mmn, mwah! Ahn!"
I swap between her lips and her breasts, feeling her hot breath against me each time our tongues let go of each other.
When she's suitably kiss-drunk, I turn my attentions to Mami-san.
"Mmnph, *slurp*... Mwah... Hahhn, you're a good kisser, Takkun... You're so forceful... Mmmn!"
"Mmmn... *slurp*, mwah... Your lips are really soft, Mami-san..."
"Mmn, I want more too... Mwah, mmn... Come on, use your tongue more... Mwah, *schlurp*, mmmnph..."
Erena forcibly barges her way into our kiss too, eager for more.
Milk drips in thick squirts down from their quivering nipples. I leave their lips for a moment to slurp it up hungrily, taking each in turn.
As I do, the mother and daughter kiss each other shamelessly, tasting the sweetness of their milk I've left in their mouths.
It's quite the sight, somehow both erotic and strangely heartwarming.
"Hahhhn... Your milk is delicious too, Erena. Let me have a little more... Mmn, mwah, *slurrrrp*!"
"Mwah, ahn... Yours is too, Mom... It's a shame there's so much spilling everywhere going to waste..."
Just hearing the pair talk like this is making my body rage with arousal.
"Jeez, I hope you two know how painfully hard you're making me right now... Mmmn, *schlurp*!"
More and more milk pours into my mouth as I tickle the tip of Erena's nipple with my tongue.
I gulp it all hungrily down, before moving on to the next nipple of the buffet, nibbling gently at it.
"Hahhn, ahn! Ahhn, don't bite! Y-You're being too rough, ahhn! Be gent— Ahahnn!"
"Mmmn... If you suck so hard— Ahahhn, ahn, it's still coming out!"
Both mother and daughter are panting and moaning, eyes swimming with pleasure.
"Ahahhhhnnn!" "Fwahhhhhnn!"
Great spurts of milk spray out of their nipples, splashing all over my face and dripping into a pool on the floor.
"Whoa!"
Even I'm surprised by the power of the milk shooting out of them, almost like my own cum when I ejaculate.
"Hahhn, hahh... There's just so much... The better it feels, the more it keeps pouring out of me... Hahhhnn..."
"That was so cute, Erena. It doesn't seem like your cute little boyfriend has quite had enough yet, though..."
She's absolutely right. The white liquid raining down on me is coating my painfully-erect cock, sending tingles of pleasure up my spine.
Erena's face flushes a deep red as she wraps her fingers around my shaft. Mami-san looks on with a gentle yet somehow intensely lustful smile.
The whole room is filled with the sweet scent of milk.
I'm tempted just to remain here locked in this embrace with these two beautiful women, but I have an even better idea...
"You two must be tired, right? How about you lie down on the bed?"
I take them both by the hand and pull them to their feet.
I walk them to the bedroom...
"Phew, having so much milk squeezed out of me has really worn me out. How about you, Erena?"
"I feel exactly the same... I hope the person responsible for leaving us like this intends to take responsibility properly."
"I do, and gladly so!"
As soon as we reach the bed, we resume our fun.
The two women collapse panting on the sheets, bodies quivering and writhing with residual arousal.
Phew, just laid out on the bed like this, these two make for quite the sight. If I was a painter, I'd be tempted to get out my art materials.
"Come on, don't make us wait... Hahh, hahhn, tsk, how ungracious..."
"Oh, Erena, it's fine for a man to be a little slow at times. It just gives us an excuse to play the flirt, does it not?"
I really don't think I need any degree of flirting to make me want to dive into this delicious feast in front of me, Mami-san!
Good lord, they've both got such ridiculously sexy bodies.
Despite her age, Mami-san's pussy is a delicious-looking light pink, no less fresh- and youthful-looking then her daughter's.
Erena herself is shamelessly displaying her naked curves to me, as if trying to compete with her mother for my attentions.
I don't know what it is about women that makes them so bold when they've got a rival for their affections.
Either from the lingering milk sticking to their skin, or their burning arousal, the whole bedroom quickly fills with the sweet scent of lust.
"Hahh... Just smelling this is making my head feel light..."
The fragrance of milk, sweat and love nectar forms a heady cocktail that leaves me gazing down at the beautiful women on the bed in wonder.
"H-Hey, don't just stare at us... How many times to I have to tell you? I-I, umm, I want you, now..."
"Hehe... I want your cock, Takkun... It's swollen up so much, I can see the veins bulging. Mmm, it's the cock of a strong young man..."
"I'll be honest, it's so hard that it's been hurting for a while now, so I guess it's time to get started..."
Even as I say that, however, I'm unsure exactly where to start. How do I choose between these two goddesses!?
"Well... Here I go!"
It's an agonizing choice, but how can I deny the first dibs to the lady whose house I've just flooded with milk?
I press the head of my cock against Mami-san's entrance, coating it in her overflowing love juices, and start to slowly push into her warm slit.
"Ahn, ahahhnn... I can feel it inside of me... Mmn, deeper, deeper! Let your cock go as deep as it wants to! Mmn, hehe, hahhhn!"
The head of my cock is quickly enveloped in sultry heat and wetness, and the walls of Mami-san's pussy gently wrap around it, welcoming me in.
It's a feeling so warm and inviting that I can't help but let out a moan.
I almost feel like I could cum at this instant, but I can't do that—I can't disappoint Erena... Hang on, why is she scowling at me!?
"Hey, that's not fair! I wanted him first, Mom. I can hardly hold back anymore... You idiot, Takumi-kun! Moron! Pond scum! Flat cola!"
"Hey, there's no need for that! And what's wrong with flat cola!? It's easier to drink!"
I would have preferred she'd called me something that would give me a little masochistic thrill, but I'd better not tell her that.
Erena's unexpectedly needy, now that I think about it. It's probably best not to get on her bad side...
Or at least, I'll try—Right now Mami-san's pussy is sucking me in with such overwhelming lust that I can hardly think about anything else.
"Ahnn! It's so thick, it's filling me up... The tip's rubbing against all of my most sensitive spots! Hahhhn!"
Just inches from Erena's pout, Mami-san is panting ecstatically as my shaft pushes deeper and deeper inside her.
Her pussy clenches tightly around it, massaging me and luring me in.
I resist letting the sensation take over, and turn to Erena. I slide my fingers into her dripping slit, and push into her quivering opening.
"Ahhhn! D-Don't think I'll forgive you just because you're good with your fingers! Hahhn, mmnph, you're the worst! Hahhn! Ahn!"
Her pussy is just as— No, even wetter than her mother's.
It's like sticking my fingers into a pot of hot, sticky honey.
"Ahahhn! I know it feels good for you too, Erena. You're so cute, hehe... Don't you think she's grown up to be so beautiful, Takkun?"
"Of course! I think that every time I see her!"
"H-Hey! If you really think that, then pay more attention to me! Look... I'm all ready for you, so..."
"Don't you worry, you'll get your turn, just you wait."
My fingers explore deeper into Erena's pussy, teasing her eagerly-spasming walls. As they do, I start to swing my hips in rhythm with Mami-san.
Her pussy is clenching and massaging my cock so fervently I feel like I hardly need to move at all.
"Hahhn... You used to be so small, Takkun, but you've grown up so big and strong. It's reaching all the way to my womb..."
Her compliments fill my heart with warmth. As a man, that's about the best thing I think I could ever hear.
I drive myself deep into her, kissing the entrance to her womb, as I pump into Erena's pussy with my fingers.
As I do, gushes of love nectar coat them from her deepest reaches.
"Hahhhn! Hahh, y-you're being surprisingly gentle... Mmn, ahnn..."
"What do you mean, 'surprisingly'? I can be gentle when I want to! Tsk, here's what you get for slandering me...!"
I lightly flick her clitoris.
"Haahn! Ahn, don't do that!"
Nectar squirts from her opening, splashing on my hands and onto the sheets.
I tease her slit with my thumb, and gush after gush of liquid leaks from her twitching opening.
"Hmm, so you really want me that much?"
I slide my fingers out of her dripping crevice, a long string of nectar connecting me to her for seconds afterward.
I pull my cock from Mami-san's pussy too, and drive my purple, throbbing shaft deep inside Erena with a single thrust.
"Ahhhn! Ahhn, yes, yes! Amazing! Ahyaaahnnnn!"
She lets out a scream like a wild animal, and her back arches as her body bucks. It's hard to believe this is the same girl as before.
"There you go, the cock you were craving so much is all the way inside you. You like that?"
I start to thrust into her with wanton abandon. Luckily, she's already wet enough that my shaft meets little resistance to my powerful hammering.
Every time I pull back, a flood of fresh love juices comes spurting out of her entrance.
"Ahhn, Takkun, I want to feel your fingers too..."
"Yes, ma'am!"
It takes only a moment of wiggling her plump ass in my face for me to drive my fingers into her. Her walls spasm and twitch around me.
I explore every inch of her pussy, feeling the subtle differences in the folds and undulations between it and her daughter's.
This time, Erena is too ecstatic about the cock filling her up to mind the attention I'm paying her mother.
Mami-san watches Erena intently, with a look of absolute pride.
(She really does love her. What a great mom...)
I keep ramming my cock deep inside her daughter's pussy as she happily watches on.
Erena is looking right into my eyes, her face a red and sweaty mess of ecstasy, eyes swimming with pleasure.
"Hahhn! Mmn, ahhhn, ahn! It's so hard! It's hitting me so deep! Ahnn, ahn, I love it!"
"Ahnn, mmn, hahhhhn! It feels so good when you hit my G-spot like that... Mmmn, I'm quivering all over... Ahn!"
"Hnngh, you're squeezing me so much..."
Both women are panting like beasts by now, putty in my hands.
Erena's pussy squeezes my shaft like a vice, as if urging me to fill it with cum.
It sucks my cock in deep with each thrust, like an animal desperate to breed.
"God, your pussy's too much, Erena..."
"Mmmn, ahhn! Your huge cock's stretching my pussy! My mind's going blank! Ahhn, ahn... AHAHHNN!!!"
Her walls spasm and clench with astonishing, obscene force around my shaft.
I start to feel the pressure building in my crotch to unbearable levels, my legs starting to shudder.
I feel myself instantly pushed to the very brink.
"Hnngh... I'm going to cum!"
I slam my hips against Erena's with wild abandon, the head of my cock striking the entrance of her womb with every thrust.
I quicken the pace of my fingers, driving them so deep into Mami-san's hot, twitching pussy that I can feel them tickle her womb too.
"Ahahnnn, ahnnnn! Y-Yes, there, there! Your fingers are fucking my pussy so hard! Hahhn, ahnn, I'm cumming!"
"Mmnph, mmn! Ahnn, me too! Ahahhhn, I'm cumming, hyahhnn, I-I'm cumming! Hahhnnn, no, I can't hold it any more! AHHHNNNNN!!!"
I feel both mother and daughter's pussies clamp themselves around me at the same time, spasming and twitching wantonly.
I respond to their urges in the only way I know how, by driving my cock and my fingers as deep inside them as I possibly can.
"Ahhhhh, I'm cummmminnnggg!!!" "Nghaaa, I'm cummmminnnggg!!!"
As the waves of pleasure overwhelm their bodies, Erena and Mami-san's breasts erupt with torrents of hot milk.
My cock lets forth an immense jet of sticky cum directly into Erena's womb.
But after only one or two thick jets, I swiftly pull my throbbing shaft out of her and drive it decisively into Mami-san.
The feeling of being suddenly enveloped by her sultry heat makes my body shake and an even greater stream of cum coats her pussy.
"Hnngh, I just can't stop cumming!"
As the flood of cum starts to spill out of Mami-san's entrance, I pull my shaft out of her.
Still throbbing and pulsing, it covers both of the buxom, sweaty, beautiful women in front of me in a shower of hot, white cum.
"Hyaaahhhnn! There's so much thick cum all over me! Ahahhn, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!!!"
"Ahhnnn! It's all over us! Ahhn, mom, I'm cumming! Ahahhn, I'm cumming again!"
I paint the fair skin of both mother and daughter even more white with a thick layer of my seed.
"Hnngh... Hahh, hahh..."
The sounds of their moans reverberate in my head, and all I can do is let loose my carnal instinct to coat both women in everything I have.
They buck and writhe as the thunderous waves of orgasm billow through them.
The sweet scent of the air is tinged with the animal smell of my seed.
The pair lie exhausted and panting, soaked in sweat, milk, love juices, and cum.
"Hahh, hahhn... Takkun, you're incredible... You've picked the perfect boyfriend, Erena. He's gifted in all the right areas... Hahh, hahhn..."
"Hahh, hahhn... I-It's not like I love him or anything... Hahh, but if you like him, I don't mind him sort of being my boyfriend, or anything..."
They lie before me, running their hands along each other's cum-covered bodies, playing with the white, sticky liquid.
On their faces shine beautiful, satisfied smiles.
