システィーネ
炎厨矢
(Whoa... I can't move, but I can really feel how soft and curvy her body is.)
"Mmnph, hahh, hahhh... Mmn, hahhn..."
Her plump curves press down on me.
Her warmth spreads through me as her skin, so fair and full of mature charm, rubs against the horse.
I can feel her breath pouring from her beautiful lips too, so hot and alluring.
"Mmmn... Ahhn... Ahnn, hahh, hahh... Mmmnph!"
Although she's in the middle of training, she's rubbing her crotch against the riding machine with surprising intensity.
She almost seems more like a girl rubbing herself against the corner of a table than the captain of the equestrian club.
(It seems like she's already completely in the mood...)
I use my magic to manipulate the riding machine, grinding the saddle against her crotch.
She pushes back against it in rhythm, panting and moaning aroused little moans.
"Ahn... Mmn, mmnph... Hahhn, ahn... Hahhhn!"
My field of vision is almost entirely filled by her incredibly erotic outfit, including the thong she's wearing underneath.
Naturally, looking at it instantly gets me raring to go. I want to bury my face in it right away!
I transfer my consciousness into the seat, and press my face into her barely-covered crotch.
"Eep!?"
The instant I touch her, she lets out a little squeak.
I'm too excited by the squishy feeling against my face to really notice, though.
(It's so soft and plump! I could use these pussy lips like a pillow!)
"Wh-What is that? Hyahhnn!"
It seems like she's able to sense something is wrong with her machine. She must have some pretty strong magic to notice me already.
But despite her suspicion, there's a lascivious tint to her moans already.
Hearing them makes me even more aroused, and I eagerly rub my face against the fabric of her panties.
"Ahhn! Mmmn, mnn... Hahhn... Hahhn!"
My nose grinds up and down her slit, and my hot, excited breath tingles against her skin.
(Wh-What is this feeling? It's like someone is breathing on my crotch... Ahhn, it tickles...)
(H-Have I been masturbating too much recently, and now I'm constantly aroused? I have been imagining all kinds of dirty things lately... Ahn!)
For some reason, the magic is letting me listen to her thoughts as well.
She's vaguely aware that this is the feeling of having a man she's never met shove his face in her crotch, and it's turning her on.
But at the same time, she can't escape the shame of having become such a champion masturbator that she's able to feel this way.
She's doing it so much because she has to stay a virgin in order to ride unicorns and fulfill her role as the club's ace.
(Man, this pussy is just too soft and squishy...)
Even if she is a chronically-masturbating crusader, she is still a virgin. There's something oddly pleasing about that.
"Ahhn... Mmn, ahn... Hahhhn, mmn! Hahhhhnnn!"
(It's never felt so good before... Is this what it would feel like to have sex with a man?)
(No, no, I can't think about that. No matter how good it feels, if I did that, I wouldn't be able to ride a unicorn.)
(As long as I'm in the Equestrian Club, I absolutely can't lose my virginity...)
It seems like her desire to have sex is growing day by day.
And now, it's growing even more thanks to my unseen teasing.
She grinds against me, and I match her rhythm as I press my face into her soft mound.
"Hyahhhn! Ahhn, mmn! Hahh, hahhhn... Ahn, ahn, mmmn!"
She starts to buck her hips against me as the pleasure grows and grows.
Her pussy is already growing moist. I can really tell that she's a frequent masturbator.
I drag aside the tiny piece of fabric covering it, and push my face directly against her lips.
"Ahhn... Mmnnn! Hahhnnn, mmn... Hyahhhnn!"
Her moans grow more and more lustful, even if I'm struggling to hear her over the obscenely wet sounds her pussy is making.
Its lips are slick with her nectar, glistening as she moves almost like a beautiful river.
(Wow, Sistine-senpai... She's getting this wet, even though she's a virgin.)
Her plump ass rubs against the saddle as she jiggles it back and forth. It's so erotic, it's like she's giving it a lap dance!
Damn, how does a holy crusader get such a fat booty!?
(Her ass feels incredible... Mmnn, *slurp*!)
The taste and the scent of her pussy is so good I don't think I'd even mind if I suffocated under it right now.
Hell, I could stay here forever. Being sat on by a virgin pussy is the best!
"Hyahhhn! Ahhn, mmn... Hahhn... Hahh, ahhhn!"
(And this big, jiggly ass is amazing too... Gah, I can't resist anymore!)
"Huh— Ahahhn!"
I stick my hands out of the riding machine, and plunge my fingers into her softness.
Sistine-senpai lets out a high squeal at the sudden sensation.
(Wh-What is this!? Ahn, something's touching my butt... Ahnn, mmmn!)
(Mmm, this feels even better than I expected!)
I squeeze and jiggle it with my magical hands, enjoying the softness and plumpness.
"Ahhn... Mmn, mmph... Mmn, hahhn!"
Her moans grow more and more shameless, and her body's heat is overwhelming on top of me.
(I guess unicorns get to feel this amazing ass on their back all the time... I've never been more jealous of a damn horse!)
"Hyahhn! Ahhn, hahh... Ahn, mmngh!"
I push my face even more strongly into her crotch.
It's coated in her wetness, which causes a filthy splattering sound as she rubs against the saddle.
I press my mouth and nose against her as if to push them into her slit.
"Mmmn, ahhn! Ahahhn! Mmngh, mmn... Ahahhnn!"
She lets out cute little moans as I rub against her slick entrance.
The sensation is so intense that she bucks and writhes as if trying to escape my grip.
But my hands hold her ass down, and I knead its soft skin as I grind against her.
(I-Is this the doing of some kind of monster? No, a monster couldn't get into the school... Hyahhhn!)
(This must be someone using magic... Ahhn, no! Not there! Ahahhn!)
I knead and tease every inch of her butt, seeking out her most sensitive spots.
"Mmn, ahhhnn! Mmnph, hyahhhnn!"
(Ahhn, they're being so rough... Mmmn! I should stop them, but I just can't... Aahhn!)
Despite her protests, it's completely obvious how good she's feeling. Her body is twitching and quivering, and her moans are filled with desire.
"Hyahhn! Ahhn, mmn... Hahh, mmn, hyahhn!"
She shudders with pleasure every time I touch her ass, and her tongue lolls shamelessly out of her mouth.
(Ahhhn! N-No... I have to stop, but it feels so good... Ahhhn, mmn... Hnnngh!)
Faced with a pleasure even more intense than her regular masturbation sessions, she's unable to resist.
The sight of her pushed to her limit like this is so adorable that I can't help but knead her ass even more greedily.
"Ahhn, mmnph... Hahhhn, mmn! Haahhnn!"
Her moans grow so animal-like as her pussy juices spill out from her dripping entrance in thick squirts, filling my nostrils with pheromones.
(Mmm... The scent of a virgin's pussy really is the best!)
I grind my face as hard as I can into her slit, wanting to lick up every last drop of her nectar.
"Ahahhhn! I-It's getting even stronger... Mmn, ahn... Hyahhhn!"
As expected, her pussy gushes with even more sticky fluid.
Its scent is growing more and more powerful as the pleasure overtakes her, which only serves to make me hungry for more.
My own crotch feels like it's on fire with excitement and desperation.
I can't hold back anymore. I activate the spell again, and imagine my cock sliding out of the saddle.
"Wh-What is that!? Is that a man's... Huh!?"
Sistine-senpai stares at the strange object in surprise.
Her confusion is etched on her face, but her gaze won't leave my cock at all.
"Wh-Why does the riding machine have this? I-It's so big..."
(No matter how much she's masturbated, it seems like this is her first time seeing something cock-shaped in person.)
I place the head of my twitching meat to her asshole.
"H-Huh!? No way! That will never fit in there! No, stop!"
She tries to escape my grasp again, but I hold on to her ass with both hands.
Her expression is filled with both apprehension and expectation. She knows exactly what's about to happen.
I rub the tip of my cock against her asshole, getting it used to the feeling of my hot, twitching member.
I know that she has to stay a virgin, so I really shouldn't be doing this, but her body is crying out for it.
(I have to make her feel as good as possible right now!)
I place my tip against her tight little entrance, and start to push.
"Hnnngh, ahhn... I-It's going inside me... Mmnph, ahahhhhn!"
It's even tighter than I could have imagined. I can hardly even get the head in.
What does manage to enter her tight butthole is quickly surrounded and clenched with overwhelming force by her tightness.
"Ahhn... Mmnph, mmgh... Hahh, ahhn... Mmmn, hahhhn!"
Each time I try to push deeper, my cock is pushed back.
But I keep gradually trying to work it inside her, combining my strength with the riding machine's rocking.
(Hnngh, it's even tighter than I expected... There's nothing else for it. I'll just have to ram it in!)
Matching my timing with the machine, I drive it deep inside her with one powerful thrust.
"AHHHNN! I-It's going deeper! Mnnngh!"
I manage to push in half of my shaft, and her entrance squeezes tightly around it.
My whole cock is bathed in the heat of her insides.
I can feel how unused to the strange sensation her ass is, but it grips me eagerly.
The pleasure runs through me like electricity, and I start to rock the riding machine even more strongly.
"Mmmn, ahn! Ahahhn! Hnngh, ahahhnnn!"
The rocking forces the rest of my cock inside her down to the hilt.
"Ahhhnn! I-It went inside me... It's stretching me out... Mmn, hhnnngh!"
(It's so hot inside of me... This is really what a cock feels like? It's so thick, and hard... I can feel every inch of its shape... Ahnnn!)
Despite her uneasiness, she's twitching and quivering at this completely new sensation.
Her ass slowly seems to be getting accustomed to the feeling of being filled up.
Soon it's clear that she's not satisfied with it just being inside her, so I start rocking the machine back and forth as I begin to thrust.
"Hyahhhn! Ahhn, mmmngh! Hahhn! Ahnn, hnnngh!"
At first I go slowly, pulling out to paint her asshole with my pre-cum before sliding gradually back in.
As her entrance grows slippery, it becomes easier to work my shaft inside her. Her muscles clench and massage it with obscene strength.
"Mmnph, ahn... Ahahhn! Mmn, mmmngh! Hahhhn!"
I start to speed up the rocking horse too, forcing me to thrust deep inside her (until recently) virgin ass.
(Ahhn, it's amazing... It's like a wild unicorn bucking into my butt... Ahhhn!)
As the pleasure grows more and more intense, Sistine-senpai can no longer deny her excitement.
Her asshole's grip on my shaft gets tighter with every thrust.
The feeling is completely different to a pussy, it's so incredibly tight and hot that I feel like my cock might just melt.
"Ahhn, mmnph... Hahhnn, mmmn! Hahhnn!"
(Ahhhn, it's going so deep inside me... This feels even better than I thought it would...Hnngh!)
She clings to the riding machine and simply lets my cock pound her relentlessly.
(Th-This must be someone using magic... Ahhn, I can't believe having this done to me is actually turning me on... Hyahhn!)
"Sistine-senpai... It's so hot inside your ass... Hahh, hahhh..."
"That voice... Are you Tatchan, the second-year?"
Argh, I've given myself away!
I have to admit, I'm a little happy that she recognized my voice, though. Even if she did give me a childish nickname...
"Ahn... A-Am I wrong?"
"Umm, no, but I'd kinda prefer you called me 'Takumi.' Otherwise I sound like the protagonist of some kids' anime."
"Your ass is incredibly tight... Mmn!"
"Hahhn! Wait, so what's in my butt now is your... Ahhhn!"
I slam my length all of the way inside her as if to emphasize its presence.
"Hmm, what is it? Come on, tell me."
"Ahhhn! It's your c-cock... When I think about it, it makes me so excited... Ahhn, ahahhn!"
"I'm glad to hear that, Sistine-senpai. I want you to enjoy my cock as much as you can!"
I speed up the riding machine so that my cock roughly slams into her asshole even faster.
"Mmmph, ahn! Ahahhn! Hnngh, ahahhn!"
She lets out a moan loud enough to drown out even the sound of the machine's bucking.
Her moans grow higher and more carnal as the pleasure takes over.
"You're so cute when you're aroused, Sistine-senpai. Show me what you look like when you're at your absolute limit!"
The machine and my cock drive deep inside her in furious rhythm, so hard that I'm almost scared I'll break her.
"Ahahhn, ahnn! Mnnph, hnnngh, ahhhnn!"
Her tongue is lolling out of her mouth, dripping saliva every time I thrust, and she lets out a moan.
"Hmm, it looks like your ass has really gotten used to my cock."
Each time I slam into her, her insides clench and squirm around my shaft as if massaging it.
"Ahh, no, don't say that! If you do, I'll... Ahhn, hahhn!"
Although she doesn't finish her sentence, what she wants to say is blatantly obvious from the wild bucking of her hips.
"Ahhhn, ahnn, mmnph! Hnngh, ahahhn!"
Her pussy is gushing with thick spurts of love nectar.
(Wow, she's gotten so wet.)
I stick my tongue out of the fabric of the saddle, and start to lick up the overflowing juices from her slit.
"Hyahhn! Ahn, hahhn! Ahn, ahn, mmnph!"
Her body has become so sensitive to my touch that the sudden lapping at her pussy makes her hips jerk and writhe.
"Ahhhn, Takumi-kun! Don't lick me there! It's dirty! Mmn, ahhnn!"
Despite her protests, her body is being much more honest, quivering in pleasure as I hungrily lap away.
"But it's so sweet and sexy. I could get addicted to this."
I lick her slit with just as much fury as I'm thrusting into her ass, drinking down mouthfuls of her nectar.
"Ahhhn, mmmnph... Hahhn, ahn!"
(Ahn, no... I never thought being licked down there could feel so good... Hyahhnn!)
"Hmm, is this the kind of thing you imagine when you masturbate?"
"Huh!? I-I don't do that... Ahhn, ahhhhnn!"
She obviously doesn't know that her thoughts are completely exposed to me.
Her denial is so cute that I can't help but want to tease her pussy even more.
"Mmm, *slurrrp*! *lick*! Mmmph, *schlurrrrp*!"
"Hyahhnn! Ahnn, mmn... Hahhn!"
"Your pussy's absolutely overflowing... *slurp*!"
"Ahhn, don't drink it! I mean it, stop! Ahhn, aahhnnn!"
(H-He's licking me so hard... It feels so much better than masturbating! Ahhn, hyahhnn!)
The intensity of the sensation is making her rut against the riding machine like a wild animal.
I make it buck back even harder, and thrust into her with all the strength I can muster.
"Mmn, ahahhhnn! Mmgh, nnn, ahahhhnn!"
Sistine-senpai can do nothing but moan and shudder with pleasure.
Her asshole tightens and squeezes my shaft with intense force.
"Ahahhn, ahn, ahn... Mmnph, mmn, ahahhn!"
Her moans have turned almost into screams.
(Ahhn, no... I shouldn't be feeling this way from my butt being played with... But it's so good!)
(I wonder how it would feel if it wasn't in my butt, but in my... Ahh, no, I can't think about that, it's making me excited!)
A great spurt of love nectar squirts out of her pussy as she imagines taking my cock inside it.
The taste fills my mouth, making my cock throb and harden even more inside her.
(Dammit, this magic is just the best! Viva transformation!)
Being able to fuck her in the ass and lick her pussy at the same time is just too amazing.
If I don't enjoy this to the absolute limit, I'll regret it forever.
"Hyahhn! Ahhn, mmmn... Hahhn, hnngh!"
"I know it's wrong, but my body just won't stop... Ahhn! It wants more and more!"
She starts to slam her hips back against me as I thrust, all self-control lost in her ecstasy.
"Ahhhn, ahn, ahnn! Mmn, ahahhn! Hnngh, AAAHHHN!"
"Yes! Show me just how dirty you can get!"
I stick not just my tongue but my entire mouth out of the saddle, and nip at her clit.
"Hnnnnngh! T-Takumi-kun! Please, not there... Ahhn, don't bite me there! Ahahhnnn!"
The moment I tease her clit, she arches her back as if struck by a bolt of electricity.
Her insides clench around my cock with overwhelming strength.
"Mmm, your ass feels so good... I want it even tighter! *schlurrp*!"
I swirl my tongue around her clit, teasing it with the tip to push her to even greater heights of pleasure.
"Mmmn, ahhn! Ahahhn! Hnngh, mmm, hyahhhn!"
Sistine-senpai screams as her body is rocked by my relentless double attack.
Her pussy glistens with her juices, quivering in front of my eyes.
"Ahhhn! Ahhn, ahn! Hnngh, ahahhnn!"
Her ass is almost crushing my shaft. It's pushing me dangerously close to my limit.
"Ahhhn, I can feel it throbbing... T-Takumi-kun, I'm... Ahhn, I can feel it! I'm about to...!"
"I'm close too, Sistine-senpai!"
Feeling us both approaching the finish line, I slam my cock into her with every last ounce of strength I have.
The riding machine too is running at full power. If it wasn't magical, it would be on fire by now.
"Mmmn ahhhnn! Hnnngh! Ahahhn!"
She's squeezing me with such furious heat that I feel like I might melt.
I can feel all of the desire inside me welling up in my crotch, ready to explode.
"Ahnn, ahahhhnnn! I-I can't take it anymore... I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Ahahnn, I'm cumminngggggg!!!"
"I'm cumming too, Sistine-senpai!"
Her ass clenches around my cock as I drive it into her down to the hilt, and my tip throbs as it erupts with a torrent of sticky liquid.
"Ahhhnn! There's so much hot cum filling up my butt! Hnngh, AHAHHHNNN!"
"Mmmph, it's so tight...!"
Thick white cum spurts out of my cock in torrents, painting her squirming insides with all of my lust.
"I-It's amazing... My butt's completely full... Hahhn!"
She quivers and shakes, wave after wave of orgasm crashing through her body.
Her pussy gushes with great squirts of sticky nectar, raining down on my tongue.
"Mmn, ahhn! Ahahhn! Mnngh, hyahhnnn!"
Her juices run in glimmering rivulets down the fair skin of her thighs.
She writhes on top of me, orgasm after orgasm hitting her as I keep pulsing inside of her.
"Hnngh, Sistine-senpai, take all of my cum!"
I push my cock as deep inside her as I possibly can, filling her with so much hot white seed that I could almost get her ass pregnant.
"Ahahhn, I can't believe how much there is! You're amazing, Takumi-kun! Ahh, you're still cumming? My butt feels so hot... Mmnn!"
Her asshole twitches around my shaft. Finally overwhelmed by the unending stream, it starts to leak white fluid with an obscene slopping sound.
(If this was... m-my pussy, I wonder how much better it would feel... I could even get pregnant...)
(N-No, I can't think about that. I have to stay a virgin... B-But just imagining it is turning me on even more...)
Sistine-senpai slumps on the riding machine, being gently rocked by it as she bathes in the afterglow.
"Hahh, hahhh... Umm, Takumi-kun... Let me rest a little..."
(I'm so tired. I've never felt like this masturbating before... But for some reason, it feels really nice...)
Her expression is still glowing with ecstasy. I soothe her with the swaying of her now-calm steed.
"Hahhh, hahh... That was amazing, Takumi-kun. It felt so good..."
Afterward, I gently support her as her legs shake from the intensity of her first time.
"I'd always been curious about sex, but I didn't know it could feel that good. I especially didn't think it would feel like that in my butt..."
"It felt better than masturbating, right?"
She nods, face glowing with embarrassment.
"U-Umm, if... If you'd put it in my... Wait, no, I can't..."
She covers her crotch with her hands.
My heart leaps as she looks into my eyes with a strange mix of affection and gratitude.
"Thank you... Umm, so, we can't do it in my, you know, but... Otherwise it's fine, so, umm..."
There's a pleading glint in her eye. She's completely addicted to the pleasure already, I can tell.
I can't help myself but draw her close to me and kiss her.
It's a kiss so deep that my cock is soon swelling in my pants again.
Sistine-senpai glances at the growing tent, and giggles.
"This time, I want to ride you when you're in human form. ♪"
She presses her breasts against me. I can hardly turn her down in this situation, can I?
Afterward, I end up cumming in her ass five times...
And that's only the beginning of Sistine's new training regimen, preparing for her next event with my own particularly wild unicorn.
