ティアナ
炎厨矢
"Hahh, ahhn... It's going inside of me... Ahn!"
(Hahh, hahhhn... S-So this is a man's cock. It's so hot and thick... My pussy feels like it's on fire...)
As soon as we get to the mansion, we're down to business.
I learned that Tiana-chan actually has a fiance, but for some reason, he refuses to lay a finger on her, though. They haven't even kissed.
I'm kind of curious to find out what kind of weirdo he is, but right now I'm a little busy enjoying Tiana-chan's virgin pussy.
(Damn, it's so tight!)
My cock feels like it's almost being crushed by the incredible force of her pussy walls.
I can't believe I'm actually taking her virginity—I know she did say she'd give me "anything," but I wasn't expecting this!
Her face is glowing red with embarrassment, and yet she's meekly letting me do what I want to her.
"I could hardly get a finger in you a minute ago, and now you're taking my whole cock. Maybe your pussy's sluttier than I thought."
"Ahhn, don't say such horrible things, Takumi-sama... It's my first time— Ahnn, mmnph!"
"Pssh, it's not horrible. You've got a slutty pussy, and it's squeezing all around my cock."
"Ahhn, Takumi-sama! Hahh, hahhn, don't..."
"You've really not done anything like this with that fiance of yours?"
"Ahhn, n-no, not at all... Hahhn!"
"Mmmn, how does it feel, taking your first cock?"
"Hahhn, don't ask me that. It's embarrassing... Hnngh, ahnn!"
(Her boobs are amazing too. They're so big and soft, I could sleep with my head between these.)
I'm the first person to ever feel them, too. What is her fiance, one of those hyper-conservative, no-sex-before-marriage types?
Making a girl with a perfect body just ideal for sex wait until her wedding night should be classified as cruel and unusual punishment!
(If I'm not careful, this virgin mermaid pussy's going to be swimming in my cum within seconds.)
"Ahhn! Hahhn, mmn! Ahhhn!"
Her ass is just as perfect as the rest of her. Just watching its smooth plumpness bounce on me is pushing me to the brink already.
How can a virgin's body be this sexy!?
"Ahhn, ahhhn, Takumi-sama... You're being too rough... I feel like I'm losing my mind! Hahhnn!"
Seeing her cute reactions only makes me want to fuck her even harder.
"Hahhn, hahhhnn! Mmnph, ahhhhn!"
"Ahnn, ahahhn! Hnngh... Mmmn! Ahahhn!"
(If he keeps thrusting into me like this, I'll...)
"I can still go even deeper, Tiana-chan... Like this!"
I slam my hips against hers as hard as I can, driving my cock all the way to the entrance of her womb.
"AHHHHN! Ahhn, mmnph! Ahhn, ahhhnnn!"
She arches her back and squeals, and her pussy lets out a colossal squirt of love nectar.
"Ahhhnnn, no, I can feel it... I'm cumming! Ahhn, I'm cumming, I'm cumminnnggg! AHAHHHNNNN!"
"Hahhn, it's pouring inside me... It's so hot! Ahahhn!"
"Damn, your virgin pussy feels incredible, Tiana-chan! Looks like I had the perfect cock to break you in, too!"
(Ahhhn, I'm being cum inside of by a man who's not my fiance...)
"D-Don't say that... I'm already betrothed to someone else... Mmnnnph!?"
I pull her close to me and press my lips to hers. They've got the softness and plumpness you only get in the most upper-class of girls.
"Mmn... Mwah, mmnph... *slurp*! Mmmn, mwah!"
"Mmmn! Mmnph, hahh... Mwah, mmmn! Mmn, *slurp*!"
(I-It's my first kiss! No way... Ahh, but my body just doesn't want to stop him... Ahhn, no!)
Her eyes are swimming with pleasure. It's like my kisses have completely intoxicated her.
(Ahhn... It feels so good, I think I'm going crazy!)
"Hahhn... We have to stop, Takumi-sama. I already have— AHHN!"
I slowly start to grind my hips against hers, stirring up the cum inside her pussy.
"Ahhn! Takumi-sama...! Stop... Ahn! Please, I can't take any more... Hahhn!"
"What, any more cum? Meh, don't mind a little spillage."
I start to thrust in and out of her twitching entrance again.
Her pussy eagerly squeezes my shaft every time I push inside her.
"Hmm, looks like your pussy's telling me it's raring to go."
"Ahhh! Nooo... Takumi-shama... Shtoppp... It feels sho good... I can't take it! Ahhhnn!"
She moans almost as if in agony as she's overwhelmed by the pleasure.
"Ahhhn! It'sh going sho deep inside me! I'm loshing my minnnddd... Hahhn!"
"Ahhn, ahhnn, ahahhn! Mmnph, hnngh, hahhn!"
Her nipples are standing proudly stiff on her huge, bouncing breasts.
"Ahhhn! If you keep going... I'll get pregnant before I'm married! Shtoppp... Ahhnn!"
"Hahh, hahh... Heh, you really want to stop halfway through, Tiana-chan?"
I start to roughly tweak her nipples and grind my fingertips against her clit.
I can already tell what her answer is going to be from the way she's slamming her hips back against me like a rutting animal in heat.
"Ahnn, nooo... Don't shtopp... I want your cock sho much! I need it! Mmnn!"
Her pussy is squeezing me even more tightly than before. It seems like this meat-loving mermaid is almost at her limit.
"Ahh, ahhhn! Noo, don't cum inshide of meee... Ahahhnn!"
"Hahhn, I'm cummminnggg, I'm cummminnggg! Ahahhhnn!"
"Your shemeeenn... It'sh filling up my womb! Ahhn, my pushy feels sho gooood!"
"Wow, you're really squirting. Just what I'd expect from a mermaid!"
"Ahhhn, it's sho embarrassingggg... Don't watch! I'm squirting like a whale! Ahahhnnn!"
She lies on the bed writhing with the aftershocks of an intense orgasm. Her tongue lolls out of her mouth, and her eyes are drunk with pleasure.
"Hahh, hahhn... I can never get married now... Ahhn..."
"U-Umm... Thank you for today."
"It's a shame that you have to leave... But I'll never forget— Mmmnph!?"
"Mmmn, mwah..."
"Mmmn, hahhn, mwah!"
Before she can finish her sentence, I silence her with a kiss. She presses against me, completely powerless to resist.
The passion of her kiss is almost enough to make me dive into the ocean and live beneath the waves with her, but I know that's not possible.
Time beneath the sea is mysteriously slow. By the time I reemerge, apes will have retaken the earth... Okay, maybe not, but it will be a while.
"Mmmn, mwahhh... Hahhn, Takumi-sama..."
"I'll never forget you either."
"Thank you for teaching me about all those indecent things... I would rather like to learn more from you."
"Haha, I'm starting to feel bad for your fiance."
"I-It's just a form of training for marriage! That's all— Mmngh!?"
I steal another kiss.
"Since we're going to be apart for a while, how about we do a little more 'training' before I go?"
"Umm... I-I suppose that wouldn't be too unpleasant. ♪ Hehe!"
