リディア
炎厨矢
"Ahhn, Takumi-senpai, you're being so rough! Ahhn, ahahhn, ahnn!"
Thanks to my Ero-Magic, the swimming class has turned into something much more fun.
"Do you like looking at yourself like this, Lydia-chan? Watching my cock go in and out of your pussy, spreading it open?"
"Ahhhn! Hahh, hahh... It's really stretching it so wide... Ahhn, this is embarrassing!"
"Hahhn... For some reason, this pool really makes me horny... Ahnn! Hnngh!"
It seems like even a succubus can't resist the atmosphere of this pool.
Her innocent face combined with this ridiculously sexy body is naturally getting me in the mood too.
%150;"And above all, that white bikini is so hot!"
"Ahhn, hahnn... Mmmn, ahn, mmmnph!"
I can't help but ram my swollen shaft into her pussy like a piledriver.
Each time I do, her breasts bounce in circles on her chest.
"Mmn! Ahhn, haaahn! Ahhn!"
"Hmm, you're leaking even more milk than you usually do."
I angle my shaft so that every time I thrust into her, it grinds against her clit.
"Ahhhn! Mmn, it's going so deep! Mmmn!"
"Tsk, you're making your own pool of pussy juices right here, you dirty girl!"
"Ahhn! Mmn, hnngh! Hahh, hahh, mmmnph!"
Her pussy walls are squeezing my cock every time I plunge inside of her.
They're so soft and wet, and so eagerly massaging my shaft, that I can't hold back.
"Ahhn, I-I'm cumming, Takumi-senpai! Hahhhn, ahahhnnn!"
"Hnngh, Lydia-chan! I-I'm cumming too!"
"MMMMNNN! It's pouring out inside of me! I can feel your cock throbbing, ahn! There's so much!"
My cock erupts with a thick stream of cum that overflows from her twitching entrance.
Even when I'm finished cumming, her pussy keeps squirming and massaging me.
"Hahh, hahhn... Mmn, mmnph, ahhn!"
"Hmm, I just filled you up, and your pussy is already begging for more?"
"Ahhn... W-Well, your naughty cock is getting even bigger, so..."
Lydia-chan's pussy has become perfectly wanton and greedy recently. Going straight into the second round without pulling out has become natural.
There's nothing I want to do more at this pool than leave her swimming in my cum!
"Mmmnph! Hnngh, ahnn, ahahhn!"
I rock my hips back and forth as I drive my cock down into her.
"Ahhn! Your cock! It's hitting all my sensitive spots! Ahhn, it feels so good! Ahahhn!"
She throws her head back, moaning and panting.
"Hahh, cumming already, Lydia-chan? Go ahead and cum for me, hahh, hahhh..."
"Hahhhn! I only just came, and I'm cumming again! I'm cumming, I'm cummminngggg!!!"
I plunge my cock into her down to the hilt, and her entrance twitches and clenches around it. It instantly pushes me across the goal line too.
"Hahh, hahh... My pussy's so full of your cum... Hahhhn..."
A thick white mixture of cum and love juices gushes out from between her swollen pusy lips every time my cock pulses inside her.
Even though I've cum twice, I still feel full of energy. I'm absolutely rock hard, in fact.
"T-Takumi-senpai, it's... Ahhn, it's getting even bigger!? Ahahhn!"
"I'm sorry that I'm such a pervert, Lydia-chan, but... Hnngh!"
I start to slam my hips down against hers like a jackhammer. Every thrust rams right into the deepest parts of her pussy.
"Ahhn! Hnngh, mmnn! Hahh, hahhhn! Hahhn!"
The tip of my cock kisses the entrance to her womb every time, and the sensation makes Lydia-chan's eyes roll back in her head.
"Ahhn, mmnph! Hahh, hahhn! Ahn! Ahn! Ahnn! Ahahhn!"
Her tongue lolls out of her mouth. Thick spurts of milk spray from her breasts in rhythm with my thrusts, raining down on both of our faces.
"Ahhhn! Takumi-shempai... I'm gonna go crazyyy... My mind'sh going blankkk... I'm cumming, I'm cumminnnggg...!"
"Hnngh, I am too, Lydia-chan! Hahh, hahhh... I'm cumming!!!"
"Ahahhn! Hahhn, don't look! It's embarrasshhinnggg! HAHHHNNN!"
Lydia-chan's pussy explodes with a fountain of hot love nectar.
Her clit and pussy lips quiver and twitch as her juices spray out in an obscene arc.
"Ahhhn... Your cum ish pouring out too... Hahh, hahh..."
She gazes down at the puddle of nectar and cum puddling on the poolside with an odd kind of dazed pride.
"Takumi-shempai... It'sh like I'm drowning in your cum... I can't take any more, hahhhn..."
"Don't worry, Lydia-chan. If you ever start drowning, I'll come to save you."
I instantly regret such a cheesy line, but Lydia-chan's cheeks glow bright red. She gives me a wide smile.
"Ahhn... Pleasshe... Be even more perverted around me! Hahh, hahhn..."
"Oh, don't you worry, I'm a pervert just for you, Lydia-chan."
She clings onto me and draws me into a sweetly passionate kiss.
