セリカ
炎厨矢
"Ahhhn! Mmn... Ahn, ahahhnn!"
A lustful moan, the kind you wouldn't expect from a noble high elf, reverberates across the court.
Knowing that it's the voice of the tennis club's beloved ace, Celica-chan, still makes me shiver with excitement.
(Here we go again. Another chance to impress her with the power, stamina, and hardness of my p— Ahem, tennis!)
"Ahahhnn! Ahhn! T-Takumi-kun... Ahn, I've decided... Instead of tennis, I really want to join... your Magical Penis Club! Hahhnn!"
Since that first time that I used my Ero-Magic on her, we've had a few more "matches" together.
Over time, well, it seems like she's more interested in a more fleshy kind of balls.
"Oh, I'll gladly induct you as the first official member! After all, your performance during your trial period has been a grand slam!"
Her pussy walls clench around my shaft.
"Mmm, your racket's not the only thing you've learned to grip perfectly. You'll be the Penis Club's ace in no time!"
"O-Oh, stop it... It's embarrassing when you praise me like that... Mmn..."
"You're so elegant, even when you've got a cock inside of you... Somehow, it just makes you even cuter."
"Ahhn! Your cock keeps twitching... I-It's embarrassing to say, but it makes me really happy to know you're feeling good, Takumi-sama... Mmn!"
"Gah, you're too cute, dammit!"
I can't hold back anymore. My options are to either have a heart attack from how adorable she is, or start fucking her senseless.
I don't waste an instant to start slamming my cock into her pussy with all my strength.
"Mmmn! Ahhn! Mnnph, hnngh, mmnn!"
As soon as I start to thrust, her moans take on a lascivious lilt that tingles at my ears.
All of her soft curves jiggle as the force of each thrust reverberates through her.
Seeing her breasts bounce and her hips buck naturally inflames my most carnal instincts.
"Ahahhn! Your cock's still getting bigger... It's filling up my whole pussy... Mmn, hyahhnnn!"
"Of course it is. What kind of man would I be if I couldn't fill up my girl's pussy?"
My shaft is already throbbing from the sensation of her pussy squeezing it in a vice-like grip.
"Ahhhn, ahnn! Mmn, ahn, ahnnn!"
Her tennis wear, already far skimpier than anything in my world, shows off more and more of her naked flesh with each jiggle of her breasts.
"I'm amazed that you'd wear something this sexy to play in. I'm starting to think you were a pervert even before I came along."
"N-No way— Ahhn!"
"And these tits too, they're far too huge for a tennis player. You were made for having sex, not playing sets!"
I roughly squeeze one of her pendulous breasts like a piece of ripe, succulent fruit.
"Ahhn! Mmmnph, ahhnn...!"
Her skin is so soft and springy, and gives off such a sweet smell I can almost feel her pheromones taking over my senses.
It fills my heart with desire to think that this girl is mine and mine alone.
"I've only just put my cock inside you, and your nipples are already so stiff, Celica-chan. Tsk, what naughty nipples..."
I give one of the hard little nubs a flick with my finger.
"Hyahhn! T-Takumi-sama, you know, ahnn, that I'm sensitive there... S-Stop! Ahahhn!"
I take it between my fingertips, and start to tease and tweak it.
"Wow, they really are sensitive. They're getting even more stiff every time I touch them."
"Ahhhn! Ahn, ahhn! Aahhnnn!"
I pinch it roughly, and she bucks like a jolt of electricity has just run through her. She grinds her hips against me with desperate lust.
She shakes her head as if in pain, but her moans are high and carnal.
Ignoring her protests, I keep on teasing her breasts.
"Your boobs are so soft and bouncy, but there's something so cute about these hard little nipples..."
It's not just how they feel in my fingers that excites me, but the alluring sight of Celica-chan writhing in embarrassment as I play with them.
"Mmmn, ahahhnn! You're being so rough, Takumi-sama... Ahhn, noooo... Mmnph, ahhn, hahhnn!"
Her body jerks and trembles, and her back arches.
"Oh? Did you just cum a little?"
"Hahh, hahhh... Y-Yes, I did... I came, Takumi-sama..."
"Man, if you can cum just from your nipples, you really are something special. You're soaking wet down here too, Celica-chan."
Her pussy is leaking such a torrent of love nectar that it's coating my shaft and running down her thighs in thick rivulets.
It gushes out from the point where we're connected and drips into an obscene puddle on the court.
It glimmers in the sunlight, filling the arena with the scent of our sex.
"S-Stop... Don't stare at it like that... Mmn, ahnn..."
Her face is stained red with shame and excitement.
(Tsk, this new club member's going to be dangerous for my heart and my cock, if she keeps being this irresistible!)
"Hmm, well, it seems like you pass the physical, at least. Let's move on to the next part of the entry exam."
"Th-This is an exam?"
"Of course, I have to thoroughly evaluate all of the new members, to make sure they're a good fit for the Penis Club."
"Don't worry, so far you've got full marks. You just need to complete the next part to pass."
"Very well... What do I have to do...?"
"You have to be the one to make me feel good. How you do that is completely up to you."
She nods, and slowly starts to push her hips back and forth against mine.
"Mmmn, ahnn... L-Like this? Ahnnm, mmn.. Ahhn!"
Her pussy lets out little splutters of love juices and dirty, wet noises every time she moves.
"Hmm, it's a start, but you'll need to do better than that. It's no use hitting your serves in bounds if you don't put any power behind them!"
"You've got to smash it like you're aiming for a service ace!"
I summon up my best impression of every coach I've ever seen in a sports movie.
"Mmmnph, ahhn! Mmn, mmn... Ahn, hnngh, mmn!"
Just as instructed, she gradually starts to move her hips with greater and greater power.
The court starts to fill with the sound of wet flesh slapping together.
"Better, but you're not there yet! Put your back into it!"
"Ahahhn! Mmn! Ahnn, ahhn! Ahahhnn!"
She slams her hips against mine with decisive force, sending a quiver through all of my pleasure centers.
"Mmn, now that's the kind of serve you need to start with! Next up, go for the volley on the return!"
"Y-Yes, Takumi-sama! Mmn, mmnph... Ahnn, ahhh! Ahahhnnn!"
Even I'm not quite sure what I mean by that, but the more I urge her on, the more intense the swinging of her hips becomes.
Celica-chan is obviously feeling the same. I can feel her pussy twitching and spasming around my shaft with each thrust.
"Ahhhn, ahnn! Mmmnph, ahn, hahhhnn!"
It seems cumming earlier has made her even more sensitive.
But still her form remains impressively composed, each swing of her hips as powerful and pinpoint as her strokes on the court.
"Hahh, hahhh... Takumi-sama... Does that feel good? Ahhn! Mmn, mmnph... Ahnnnn!"
"Celica-chan... I hereby pronounce you officially a member of the Yggdrasil Magical Academy Penis Club!"
"Oh, I'm so happy! Now I'll be able to do this kind of thing with you any time I want!"
She stops moving, and merely looks up at me with an adoring look.
My heart leaps in my chest. I'm no longer able to hold back and plunge my cock into her down to the hilt in one powerful thrust.
"Ahahhhn! Ahhhn! Ahn, ahhn! Hyahhhnn!"
"Now that you're a proper club member, I can give you a proper seeing-to, and make you properly feel good!"
I start to slam my hips against hers with wanton abandon.
"Ahhn, your cock! Ahahhn, ahhnn! Th-This is it! This is the way you always make me feel best! Ahhn, ahahhnnn!"
The sound of our hips slapping together mixes with the splashing of her love juices on the floor into an obscene rhythm.
"We haven't even finished the first set yet! I'm going to smash into your court over and over again!"
I drive my shaft into her tight pussy walls with the reckless abandon of a rutting animal.
Celica-chan wraps her legs around me and pulls me close to her.
"Ahhn, Takumi-sama, you're amazing! Ahahhn, more, more! Mmnph, hahhhnn!"
In this position my cock pushes so deep inside of her that it grinds against the entrance to her womb.
"Mmnnn! Mmnph, hnngh, ahahhn!"
"I never thought a high elf like you would be into such perverted sex games... You'll make the perfect ace for the Penis Club!"
The heat of my cock and the feeling of it straining at her pussy walls mixes with the pleasure and shame to make Celica-chan's body quiver.
Her walls clench my shaft tightly, but I force my way through to start thrusting hard into her deepest parts again.
Each time I push into her down to the hilt, I feel her entire body twitch and tense.
"Mmnnnph! T-Takumi-sama! Please, my womb wants your huge cock! Harder!"
"Oh, don't you worry, now it's time to really get started! It's my serve!"
I grind the head of my cock against its entrance for a moment, then pull my hips back and slam against it with all the force I can muster.
"AHHAHHNN! MMNNPH! Ahn, ahhn! Hnngh... Ahhhn, mmngh..."
Celica-chan lets out an animal wail as I slam my serve into her.
Her pussy lets out a great spurt of thick, hot nectar, coating my cock as it rams in and out.
"Ahhhn! Mmn, ahn, a-amazinnggg... Your sherve ish amaazzinnggg...! Mmn, AHHNNN!"
I drive thrust after deliberate, slow thrust into her, watching her face contort in almost agonizing pleasure.
"Oh, that was just a warm-up. Now it's time for the real thing... A full-power smash shot!"
I slam my hips against hers, down to the hilt. I draw back only to plunge my full length inside her before she even has time to moan.
"AHHHNNNNN! Amazinngggg... Y-You're going to break me...! Ahahhn! AAAHHHNN!"
Over and over, like an endless rally, I smash my cock against her womb.
She writhes and her legs tense around my waist as she tries to endure the overwhelming intensity of the ecstasy running through her.
Her tight grip on me only serves to force my cock into her with even more power.
"Ahhhn! Mmn, ahahhn! Ahn, ahhnn, mmnph, HYAHHHHN!"
The vibrations rocking through her body make her boobs bounce and jiggle with every thrust.
"AHHHHNNN! Ahhn, hnngh! Even my breasts are out of control! Ahahhn!"
Watching them rise and fall in front of me is utterly irresistible.
Especially since I've never touched this high elf's boobs before...
Not to mention you'd have to have an iron will not to grab this cute girl's huge, bouncing titties in any case!
"I think they're telling me they want some attention too!"
I fondle them with shameless lust, roughly tweaking and grinding her nipples between my fingertips.
"Ahahhn! N-Nooo! Ahahhn! Hnnngh!"
Her body contorts with the pleasure, her hips rising as if begging for more.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to forget your pussy!"
Her hips rise and fall in rhythm with my thrusts. My entire length slides in and out of her with each wild stroke.
Her pussy clenches around me each time. It's so tight that I can feel an unstoppable pressure welling up inside me.
"Hnngh, this feels so amazing, I almost can't stop myself from cumming...!"
But I'm the captain of the Penis Club! I can't give in now! And as captain, it's my duty to make her feel as good as I can!
I start to tweak and twist both of her nipples as I ram inside of her.
"HNNNGHH! AHHHHNN! HAHHNNNN!"
My ears are filled with the carnal, lustful sound of Celica-chan's screams. She arches her back and braces herself against my onslaught.
I hit serve after serve, smash after smash, deep into her pussy.
"Ahhhn! Ahn, mmnnph! Ahahhn, hahhhhnn!"
Celica-chan's entire body is tensing up with the pleasure. She's up on her tiptoes and writhing as if going crazy.
The vice-like tightness of her pussy tells me that she's close to reaching her limit too.
I'm in the same position, hardly able to contain the intense, magma-like heat building up inside me from spilling out.
"Hnngh, Celica-chan...!"
Knowing only seconds are left before we both climax, I remember a little something I've been planning... Suddenly, my thrusting comes to a stop.
"Mmmngh!? T-Takumi-sama? Hahh, hahh... What's wrong...? I'm almost... Mmmnph..."
Celica-chan stares at me with a wild, desperate expression. She can hardly even focus her glistening eyes on me.
"Takumi-sama... Please... I-I can't take it any more... Please, I need it..."
"You need what? Tell me exactly what you want."
"Please, I-I... I want you to fuck me with your big, thick cock... Mmmn, and... and make me cum!"
She begs me without the slightest hint of hesitation or shame, such is her hunger for even more pleasure.
In my current, beast-like state, I can't resist for even another millisecond. I start to thrust wildly into her pussy once again.
It spasms and massages my shaft hungrily. I can feel just how close Celica-chan is to completely losing control.
"Mmm, I knew you could do it. I'm going to have to give you a reward for being so persuasive!"
She isn't the only one on the brink. I slam my hips into her with reckless abandon as I try to make up for those precious few seconds.
"Ahahhhn, yes, yes! This is exactly what I wanted! It's so good! Mmnph, ahhhn! Ahahhn!"
My shaft grinds against every inch of her pussy walls as I ram into her.
They clench tightly around me with such force that it's like they're sucking me in.
"Ahhhhn, mmmmn! Your cock's reaching all the way to my womb! Your cock's so amazing! Mmn, hahhhnnn!"
"You just can't stop saying that word, can you? Just how much do you love cock?"
"I love it so much! Ahhn, mnn! I love your cock! It feels so good! Ahahhhnnn!"
Seeing my cute Celica-chan being such a gleeful cock addict makes all of my basest instincts rage hot and lustfully.
My cock throbs and swells almost agonizingly inside her as the pressure inside me builds to a fever pitch.
"Ahahhnn, Takumi-sama! I can't hold back any more! I-I'm going to cum! Ahahhnnn!"
"I'm cumming too, Celica-chan! I'm going to cum right inside of you!"
I put every last ounce of strength I have into what I know are the last few decisive thrusts.
With each one I slam my cock against the entrance to her womb, making her hips jump and shiver gleefully.
The heat of our coupling has spread through our entire bodies, an utterly unbearable fire of lust.
"Please, cum inside me! I want your hot, thick cum to fill up my womb! Mmn, AHAHHNNNNN!"
"Hnngh, I'm cumming! Mmmn!"
I drive one last smash shot against the entrance to her womb, and my cock pulses with mind-melting intensity.
"AHAHHHNN! I-It's so hot! Ahnn, no, if you cum inside me so much, I'll break— Ahahhn, I'm cumming, I'm cumminngggggg!!!"
We both shudder in unison as the waves of an overwhelming orgasm crash over us.
My cock erupts with a thick torrent of cum directly against the entrance to her womb.
Celica-chan arches her back and she shakes as she feels it pouring inside her.
"Hahhhhn, it feels so good...! It's filling up my womb! Mmn, I'm so happy! Ahahhn!"
Jet after jet paints her pussy walls white.
"Ahahhhn, mmnnph! Ahhn, ahnn! Mmn, ahahhhnnn!"
Her pussy walls quiver and squeeze as if wanting to massage every last drop of me, and the sensation makes me want nothing else.
"Hnngh, I'm still cumming... Ahhhn!"
My cock pulses and pulses as if it's never going to stop.
"Ahahhn! Your cock is so huge! I can't live without this cock any more! HYAHHNNN!"
She grinds her hips against mine out of pure, greedy lust for my cum.
There's so much filling her up that I can feel it bathing my shaft, about to overflow.
"Celica-chan, if I cum any more, it'll—"
"Ahhn, no! I want more of your thick cum! I need your cock! Fuck my pussy more!"
I try to pull out of her, but her pussy's grip on my is vice-like. She's got no intention of letting me go.
"Celica-chan... Well, if that's what you want...!"
"Huh— AHAHHNN! T-Takumi-sama! I-If you start moving like that— Ahnn! Ahn! I-I'm still cumming! Ah, I've never felt like this before! Ahahhnnn!"
I rock my hips against hers, whipping the mix of cum and love nectar leaking out of her pussy into a filthy froth.
I can't move too much as my cock is still pulsing and spurting, but I can still tease the entrance to her womb with my tip.
"Ahhn! Mmnph, ahhn! Hahhhn!"
Moving inside her like this even while I'm still cumming makes my whole body tense and shudder with pleasure.
"Hnngh! Mmngh!"
It feels so overwhelmingly good that I feel like my mind is melting.
"Ahahhhn! Ahnn! Ahn, mmnph... Hahhhn!"
It's almost too much, but it's too late to stop now—especially since Celica-chan is grinding her hips back against mine as well.
(If she wants it this much, then I'll make her feel so good that she'll be knocked out completely!)
"That was just a taste of what you're about to get, Celica-chan!"
Giving in to my most carnal desires, I start to pull my hips back and slam my cock into her again, harder and harder.
I don't know if it's the Ero-Magic, the intensity of the pleasure, or both, but my cock simply won't stop pulsing with jet after jet of cum.
"Ahhhn! Ahnnn, mmmnnn! Hahhhhnnn!"
My shaft is so sensitive that every movement sends jolts of electricity through my body, but even so I keep thrusting.
I'm pouring all my energy into one last spurt, one last decisive tie-break.
"Ahahhnn! There's still so much coming out, but, ahnnn! My mind's going blank! Hahhhnn!"
Great spurts of frothy white cum and love nectar come gushing out from the point where we're connected, raining down on the court floor.
But the two of us are too lost in our own little world of pleasure to care. We're focused on nothing but the rutting of our animal bodies.
"Ahahnn, Takumi-sama! I-I really am going to break... Mmmnnn! My pussy, my womb, they can't take it any moreeee! Mmnnnghh!"
Her pussy clenches around me as if begging me to never stop, but I pull my cock out of its grip as it keeps pulsing and spurting endlessly.
"HYAHHNN! Your cum is going all over me! Ahhn, it's like a hot shower! Mmn, hahhhnn!"
The last jets of my cum spray all over Celica-chan's body. On her face, down her breasts, even on her racket.
Her back arches as the last, explosive waves of orgasm run through her, before she finally limply falls back onto the floor.
Cum oozes out of her twitching pussy with an audible gurgle.
The stream pulsing from my cock stains her porcelain-white face.
"Hahh, hahh... I'm so full up, and it's all over me too... My whole body is covered in your cum..."
Contrasted with my still-hot cum, her skin seems fairer and more radiant.
She lies there, a sloppy mess, breathing long, soft breaths.
"Hnngh, I'm still...!"
Still my cock just isn't finished welcoming her to the club, though.
"Ahhn... Takumi-sama, it smells so strong... My whole body feels like it's on fire. I'm getting even more turned on..."
Her tongue lolls out of her mouth, licking up droplets of my seed. Now even her mouth is filled with my cum.
"Mmnnph, hahhn! It's all over my face! Mmmn, *slurp*! *gulp*!"
I splatter her face with another great jet of white liquid.
"Mmn! *gulp*! Hahhn, even my mouth is full up now! Mmmn, *slurp*!"
She opens it wide to let me pour my cum down her throat.
She gulps down mouthful after mouthful with an ecstatic look on her face.
My cock twitches and jumps in excitement at the sight of this absurdly lustful, perverted girl swallowing my cum.
Her face is still beautiful and somehow innocent even as my cum clings to her skin and hair.
"Mmm, yes, Celica-chan, drink it all..."
She nods happily and opens her mouth again for another load to splash across her tongue, and she hungrily slurps it up.
"Mmn, *gulp*... *gulp*... Hahhn, mmn, *slurp*! *gulp*!"
Finally, the stream starts to slow, and the last drops drip into her waiting mouth. Spent, the strength leaves my body and I collapse backward.
"Phew, I'm finally done... Hahh, hahhh..."
I'm too exhausted to even contemplate just how much I just came.
My vision is blurry, and my head is so fuzzy it's almost like I just had a heatstroke.
I even have to concentrate to breathe properly.
I can hardly move. All I can do is bask in the afterglow of a match that truly pushed us to both of our limits.
Celica-chan finally gulps down the last mouthful of my cum.
"Mmmn, *gulp*! Hahhh... I drank it all, Takumi-sama... Hahhn, now my stomach's full too..."
She opens her mouth wide to show me.
"Wow, Celica-chan... How was it?"
I can't quite believe she managed to drink it all, even if I did ask her to.
She really will be the ace of the Penis Club!
"I-It was so thick, and delicioushh... Mmn, it's shtill coating my throat... Mmn, *gulp*! Hahhh..."
Her eyes swim as she enjoys the taste in her mouth. She looks almost drunk on it.
She has an expression of such bliss that I can't help but grow a little excited again.
"Ah, Takumi-sama, stay still."
"Huh? Why? Hnngh!?"
Celica-chan leans her face into my crotch, and starts to flick her tongue across the head of my cock.
"Mmn, *lick*! There's still some cum left here... *slurp* *lick*... Hahhn, mmn!"
She starts to happily clean the sticky fluids from my shaft.
She slides her tongue up and down, all the way down to slurp up the cum dripping down my balls.
"Mmmm, *slurp*! *schlurrp*! Mmn! Mwah, mmn..."
Her movements grow more and more daring, until soon her tongue is wrapped around the head of my cock.
Even after all that I've just came, her attentions soon have me rock hard again.
"Mmmn, *slurp*... Your cock is sho tashty... Mwah, *lick*! *slurp*, mmn..."
The look on her face is so ecstatic as she gulps it down that I can only stare in wonder at how addicted she's become.
"Celica-chan... I want more..."
"Mmn, *lick*! Hahhn, mwah, *schlurrrppp*!"
She gleefully runs her tongue across every inch of my cum-coated skin.
I'm powerless to do anything but lie back and enjoy the mixture of the afterglow and her feverish little licks.
She diligently takes a while making sure she's licked up every drop.
"Mwah... Hahh... There we are, all cleaned up."
"Thanks, Celica-chan... That felt amazing."
My body is truly exhausted, the heat of passion slowly fading into a gentle warmth.
"Hahh, hahh... Phew, that isn't the kind of match we should approach when we're not in absolutely top form..."
I can hardly complain since I was the one that initiated it all, but I get the feeling things went a little too far.
The beautiful, cum-covered high elf before me doesn't quite seem to think the same, though.
"Hahh, I never knew sex could be so amazing... Mmmn, hahhn... I'm coated in your cum, inside and out... It's even on my racket."
She collapses beside me, glowing with the lingering pleasure.
"Oh, yeah... Sorry about your equipment."
"Oh, it's fine... In fact, it makes me happy to think that my racket will smell of your cum now."
Wow... She's gone from rookie to cum champion in record time.
She wipes up a string of the fluid from her chest with her finger and plays with it, licking more from around her lips as she does...
"Mmn, your cum is just the most incredible thing... I couldn't live without it any more... Mmn, *slurp*!"
"..."
Yep, she's the Penis Club's ace, that's for sure. What kind of monster have I created!?
"Hmm? Is something wrong?"
"Oh, no, I was just thinking that you seem to be a lot more interested in penis than tennis lately."
If I keep "coaching" her, I have to wonder just how amazing of an ace she's going to become.
"That's all because of you, Takumi-sama... You taught me to love cock this much! So, umm, please, practice with me more."
"Oh, you bet I will. In fact, let's play another set right now!"
"Okay! I'll do my best to be the Penis Club's ace, so please teach me everything you can! ♪"
Thankfully, I've got some healing magic stored up to help me keep up with my enthusiastic new club member.
Fully restored, my racket's ready for the second set.
I line it up ready to smash into Celica-chan's pussy, and with one powerful swing...
"Yes, give me your biggest serve, Takumi-sama! AHAHHHNNN!"
We're playing to best of five, by the way. This is going to be a long, back-and-forth match...
