システィーネ
炎厨矢
"Training hard, Sistine-senpai?"
"Ah, Takumi-kun. Thanks for coming today."
"If it's for your training, I'd come any time!"
Ever since that first time, she's been calling me to the club to fuck her up the ass every day after school.
I've been rock hard since before I even arrived, and as soon as I enter the room her eyes are all over the obvious tent in my pants.
"Hahh... It's already so big... It's always so amazing. I'm enchanted by this thing."
She gazes at my bulge with glistening eyes. She's already as in the mood as I am, I see.
"Well then, feel free to train on this riding machine as much as you need!"
"O-Okay..."
Huh? Okay, maybe she's not as ready as I am.
"Umm, Sistine-senpai?"
"Y-Yes?"
"Are you okay? You don't seem too, umm... enthusiastic today."
"Umm... I've been thinking, ever since we started doing anal every day... That it might feel even better if we did it in, umm, my..."
"But..."
"I-It's not like I don't enjoy anal. In fact, it's so good that I can't help wonder what it would feel like in my vagina..."
"I have to stay a virgin... I know that, but..."
She wants to enjoy the experience of normal sex... Hmm, is there anything I can do for her?
"Huh? Hang on a second..."
I suddenly feel a new Ero-Magic spell pop up in my brain.
Two, in fact, both item-summoners: "In the Bluff" and "ESPenis." To her deflowering all will be blind, so use your cock to read her mind!
With these, I should be able to summon up something to solve her problem, and take her virginity too... I've got to activate these right away!
"Sistine-senpai! With these, you don't have to worry about anything like that!"
"Huh? Is this... lingerie?"
"They're Panties of Purity! If you wear these you'll be able to fool a unicorn into thinking you're a virgin, even if you're not."
It's true, the Panties of Purity can trick anything into assuming a girl has no experience. What an incredibly convenient item for our purposes!
"No way, that's not possible... Did you use your magic to make these, Takumi-kun? In that case, I could believe it."
"100\% comfiness guaranteed! Plus, they come with a one-year warranty, and if you order now you get a second set absolutely free!"
Won over by my sales technique, she tries them on... Man, her ass really is amazing!
She looks at me with her face flushed red.
"I want to ride you, Takumi-kun... I can't wait any longer!"
She jumps at me like a mare in heat, pressing her breasts against me.
The softness pushed against my chest sends a jolt of electricity through my body and up my cock.
Gods bless you, Ero-Magic! You're always there for me!
