カシュニア
マッサージ機
炎厨矢
？？？
(Oof! Gwah!)
I feel an intense shock as someone sits on my seat.
It's so intense that I feel like I'm about to give birth... through my mouth. And I don't even %i1have%r a mouth right now.
"Huh? What is this? ♪ A massage machine? Wow, such an elegant, majestic design. It's like my own personal throne!"
Hey! Who do you think you are!? Oh, I think I recognize that voice. Let's have a look-see...
"Hmm? It uses mana? There's instructions here... Well, whatever. I'll just sit for now. Hup!"
It's none other than Kash-tan in her cute underwear. Quite curious of the massage machine—that is, me—she bounces her butt on my seat.
%150;What is she, a little kid!?
Although Kashnia usually sees me as her rival for some reason, when I look at her this closely, I can only see her as really cute.
(She's stupid, but her boobs are stupidly huge. Heheheh... Prepare for Massage Mayhem!)
"This seat is quite comfortable... Wait a second. Why's it moving? I didn't touch anything. Mm... Ahh, it feels... pretty good... Mm. ♪"
Okay, sorry to interrupt your seating pleasure, Kash-tan, but... Here I go.
It's Massagin' Time!
"Huh!? H-Hey, what's going on?"
Ga-shunk! I extend the hands of the massage machine, binding her arms. I can feel everything they do, almost as if they were my own arms.
As always, she smells so good for an idiot!
"Hey, what is this? It suddenly started moving, and... Wait, where'd these weird hands pop out of!?"
Please enjoy the massage, Kash-tan!
"W-Wagh!? H-Hey! Wh-What's going on!?"
I stretch out my massage machine hands and pull down her bra.
I grab her big boobs tightly and slowly start up my pre-programmed massage routine.
"Eeeep!? Hey... Hold it right there! Ahh! Eeek... I don't wanna get massaged there... Ahhh!"
As expected, getting her gazongas groped out of nowhere confuses Kash-tan.
I can feel her soft boobs in my machine hands. They're smooth, sultry, and satisfyingly supple. I could spend a lifetime massaging these.
I play with every part of her boobs, alternating between grabbing and rubbing them while making sure to stimulate her nipples.
"Nooo! Q-Quit it! Who do you think I am!? Mmmgh! Y-You won't get away with this... Ahh... Haah... Haah..."
Kashnia's kinda cute when she's struggling. She looks utterly confused, clueless as to what's happening to her.
(Anyway, these rocket boobs are outrageous... It's such a stark contrast to her babyface!)
When I grab the big breasts dangling before me, Kashnia's eyes quickly glaze over.
I enjoy watching her reactions as I massage the stiffness out of her breasts.
Judging by her hard, erect nipples, her body is enjoying this bust-boosting massage almost as much as I am.
(Mmgh... Mm... I'm getting weaker... Ahh! Ahh... No... My boobs are my most sensitive spot... Nooo...!)
Though softer and squishier than dumplings, her boobs are quite hefty and press back against my massage machine hands.
She starts breathing roughly as the pleasure pulses through her.
"Umm, thank you for using this massage chair!"
"Huh!? Th-That voice! Is that you... Dark Priest Bark Fact?"
"Nooo! It's me, the great Takumi-sama! You stupid vampire!"
After hearing me say that, she starts nervously looking around the locker room. I guess she's looking for me.
It takes her almost three whole minutes to realize that the voice came from right behind her.
"I should've known. I knew you were suspicious, but I didn't think you were actually a massage machine this whole time!"
"Are you too stupid to even consider the possibility that I could have transformed myself %i1into%r the massage machine!?"
"Grr... How could a massage machine defeat me? I guess you leave me with no choice but to unleash the darkness sleeping within me..."
"Listen to me, dammit!"
"Shut up. Who cares what your real form is? Just let me go already! Hey, ahh...! Don't touch me anywhere weird! Agh! Noooo!"
"Valued customer, it appears you have grown stiff around here."
I pinch Kash-tan's nipples and start rolling them back and forth.
"Ahhhh!? Hey... Cut that out... I-I'm not stiff there at all...! Ahhh! Mmgh... Mm... Gwahh..."
Due to my careful caresses, her nipples have grown quite hard and perky.
When I pinch and gently tug on both her nipples, her sweet moans tickle my nose.
"We need to loosen this stiffness."
As Kash-tan lets out a soft sigh, I poke her nipples with my fingertips, scritching and scratching them.
"Hyaahh... Ahhh! S-Stop it... Mmgh... Who cares if I'm stiff there? Ahhh...!"
Her nipples are getting harder. Their seductive suppleness is somehow intoxicating.
"Y-You idiot! N-Nobody gets stiff there! Ahhh, c-cut it out! Ahhh... Whew... Mmgh... Ahh..."
"Huh, is that so? Well... How about here!?"
My machine hands extending from my seat reach out and pull down her panties. I rub my fingers up against her glistening slit.
"Ah!? Hyah, hey! Ahh! Where do you think you're touching...? Nooo!"
Through my machine hands, I can feel the texture of her lower lips and the warmth of her trickling drops of honey.
"Mmgh! Ahh, mmgh... Aggh! Mmgh... S-Stop touching me everywhere... or I'm gonna get mad... Mmgh, ahhh, ughh...!"
I get to have my way with her, whether that's pinching and stroking her nipples, or massaging her clit between my fingers.
There's nobody here but us two. Things will get messy if someone were to walk in on us, but let's not sweat the small stuff.
When I poke her petite pearl, her hips start twitching. With each jolt of her body, more love liquids ooze out.
"Looks like your pussy's quite stiff, too. Some %i1internal%r medicine should fix that!"
I spout whatever bullshit I can think of as I slide a finger into her slit.
"Eeep! N-Nooo! Quit it, you pervert! Lecher! How dare you defile the great Kashnia-sama's body like this, you insolent little— Eek! No!"
She flails her arms and legs around in a desperate attempt to resist, but my machine body doesn't budge an inch.
Despite her resistance, Kashnia keeps twitching and exhaling sultry sighs. She's already nice and damp inside, too.
I spin my fingertip inside her, causing her to greedily gobble up my digit. That was quick. Looks like she's ready.
"The %i1real%r massage starts now."
"Hwah!?"
My raging, rigid rod suddenly pokes her puffy pussy lips.
"Hwaaahhh!? Wh-What? Ah, ahh... Something strange popped up from below... No, no, no, ahhhh!"
It seems like my dick has popped out from my seat section. It starts sinking into Kash-tan's soaking slit.
"Noooo! Don't put it in there! I don't wanna be fucked by a massage machine!"
I ignore the flailing Kashnia as my cock, lubed with her love juices, loudly slides into her slippery slit.
You have only yourself to blame for being stupid enough to simply sit upon a massage machine that even Olga found to be too suspicious.
"Agh... Ahh... I-It's so big... It's going in..."
Her honey-soaked velveteen folds work their way around my cock, massaging the massager.
Her pussy's playfully pushing against my shaft.
(Her pussy's incredibly honest, huh. It must really love my cock, heheh.)
"Mmgh... I-It's so big... Mmgh, ahh... It's wrenching me open... Eep... Ahh... Haahhh..."
Her mouth might be saying "no," but her body is saying "yes," so I guess it's okay to go ahead and start thrusting.
"Please sit back and enjoy the womb massage. ♪"
"No, no, no! Agh... Stop, get off of me... Mmmgh, gah... Haah..."
"Relax, Kashnia! I'll be sure to %i1get you off%r."
"Th-That's not what I meant...! Mmgh... Ahhh, eek... Stop moving it around... Noooo!"
My seat-cock goes in and out of her secret entrance.
Ah, her pussy is really gobbling me up...!
(Ugh... This thing definitely feels like his...! It's stupidly hard, stupidly throbbing, and stupidly amazing... Haaah!)
Sweat starts to bead on Kashnia's skin, dripping onto my seat. Her breasts are no exception, making them stick to my massager hands.
(For a vampire, she's got such a healthy body... It's the best.)
A sweet scent drifts through the locker room, formed from the combination of women's bodies, soap, and shampoo.
Kashnia's sweet sweat and love juices only add to that intoxicating bouquet.
"Ahhh... I-It's hitting me... Mmgh... Ahhh! S-Stop thrusting so deep... Wagh... Ahh... Ghh..."
Each time my hard cock sinks deep inside her, her tight pussy clamps down on me. Her trembling folds beg me to thrust more.
"Ugh... Dammit, for an idiot, you've sure got such a sexy body..."
Her soft, clingy boobs feel nice to touch. Massaging her mammaries is amazing.
It's simply soothing to stroke her skin. As much as she runs her mouth, her sexy curves and rocket boobs are out of this world.
While her nipples are cutely erect, her areolae are silky smooth underneath my fingertips.
"Hyaah... Don't rub my boobs like that... You're teasing me..."
"That means the bust-boosting massage is working."
Pleased by her reaction, I pinch her nipples and roll them around as I massage her breasts.
I don't forget her lower half, of course... In fact, I've been pistoning away this whole time. I mean, I %i1am%r a literal machine right now.
I don't have hips that can get tired in this form, so my cock can thrust automa-dick-ly for as long as I want to. How convenient.
"Eeeek! Ahh, ahh, eeeep! It's moving around... Your thick dick's moving around inside me...!"
(Hyahhh... My chest, %i1and%r my pussy, for double the pleasure...! Haah, haah... If this keeps up, I'm gonna pass out... Mmgh...)
The sensation of my cock buried deep inside her makes her hips writhe as she moans in desire.
"Anyway, your pussy's surprisingly tight, isn't it?"
"Shaddap... Don'd shay shuch embawassing things! Id's nodd like I %i1want%r to be tight! Haah... Ah... Mmgh... Gghh..."
Kashnia's so cute that I can't help but gradually speed up.
"Eeeeeepp!?"
I start thrusting so hard that I create a series of squirting sounds that harmonize with each smack of my chainsaw chode.
Flustered by the sudden turn of events, Kashnia starts flailing her legs.
Due to my rigid massage machine body, though, she's got no chance of escaping.
"Hyaaahh, ahh... Ahhh, mmmgh! Ahhh, d-don't ravage me with that thick dick... Ahh, mmgh, eeek!"
Every time I thrust in, Kashnia bounds up. Her bountiful boobs bounce to and fro.
I support them with my hands as I gently massage them in their entirety.
"Mmgh, gghh... Aahhhh! Id feelsh even bigger than befowe... Hwaah... Ahhh... Ahh, ahh, eek...!"
Kash-tan struggles violently on top of me, her twin drills disheveled.
Obscene squelching echoes within the girls' locker room. The surface of my shaft is slathered with a coat of her glistening white honey.
"You're soaking wet. Your pussy's squelching and drooling all over the place. Is my cock really that delicious?"
I stir up Kashnia with my words as well, though, being a massage machine, some of the things I'm saying might sound a bit awkward.
"Mmph, y-you're too wuff...! You're slamming my inshides... Mmgh... You're thrusting all the way... Ahh... Ahhh...!"
"It seens when I thrust all the way in, your hips start twitching. Is it here? Is this where it feels good?"
"Aaaaahhhhh! D-Don't wub it awound wike dat! I-If you keep wubbing it wike dat, mmmgh! I'm gonna go cwazy!"
"Oh, it's about to get crazier! Drown deeper into the depths of pleasure!"
"A-A lowly human like you could never pweasure the great Kashnia-sama, daughter of a pwoud vampire famiwy! I won't wose! Mmmggh!"
I ignore her ranting in favor of partaking in the pleasure of pounding her pussy.
(With every thrust I reach her deepest depths, which push back against me in turn.)
Little by little, the pleasure drives my desire to detonate.
"Ahhh... Ahhh... Eeep! Th-That'sh enuff! Ah, ah, ah, no more, or you'll dwive me cwazy! I'm sho embawassewdh!"
"Kind of late to be embarrassed... You've been in such a compromising position this whole time...! Haah, haah!"
As I massage her absurdly huge boobs, my palms stroke against her nipples while my fingers sink into her voluptuous flesh.
"Ahhhh, don't massage my boobs lighe dat... Agh, ahh, mmgh, ugh... A-And pull out alweady! You've had enuff, haven't you!?"
"Y-Yeah! Just about there... I reckon once I cum, my cock should fall out by itself, you know?"
Through the course of this whole ordeal, my arousal's been accumulating and strengthening my thrusts.
"Ugh... Dammit, I don't think I can hold it much longer!"
"Huhhhh!? S-Stop... No, n-not inshide! Y-You're gonna get me pregnant! Nooooo!"
"Give it up, Kash-tan... Your greedy pussy doesn't wanna let go!"
The more I rub against her tight folds, the harder her pussy clamps down on me.
When I thrust all the way to her womb, the intense rebound sends the urge to explode through my glans, all the way up to my brain.
"Ahhh! Nyo way... I don't wanna get mawwied to a massage machine! What's my last name even gonna be!?"
%150;"THAT'S your concern!?"
"I don't wanna be Kashnia Blood Massage-Machine! Never, everrrrrr!"
The speed of my pistoning matches my rising urge to cum.
"Hyahhhh, eeep, nooo, I'm cumming! Ahhhhhhh, I'm cummingggg!"
An intense wave of pleasure blasts through me as my hot cum surges into Kashnia's body.
"Eeep!? Your hot stuff's gushing into me! Mmgh... Ahh... Mmmgh... Mmmgghhh...!"
"Noooo! If you pour this much into me, I'm gonna go cwazy...! Eeeep!"
Kashnia moans as her soaking slit strokes my shaft.
"Uuugh... Ghhhh...!"
I can only moan as her pussy sucks me in like a vacuum.
Kashnia lets out another uncontrollable shriek as her womb swallows down my sticky seed.
"Agghh, ahh... Mmgh... Mmgh... I-I'm cumming... Ahhhh, I'm cumming!"
Her body sways as she cums again and again, seated there in my massage machine seat.
A cocktail of my cum and her love liquids leaks out between us, pooling on top of my seat, which I guess is akin to my human lap.
"Ahh... Ahh... Mmgh... Augh... Ahhh... so much... goop... is inside my womb..."
"Haah, haah... That felt great..."
I let out a big sigh, and for a second, my consciousness fades away...
"Huh? When did I...?"
Before I realize it, I'm back in my normal form. This means that the massage machine has disappeared from the locker room.
Well, that's a relief. In the back of my mind, I'd been wondering what I'd do if I was stuck that way for life.
"Haah... Haah... Wha...?"
"Whoa! Don't scare me like that."
Kash-tan's on the floor by my feet. I guess that makes sense, as I just transformed back out of my massage machine body.
If I lord it over her while standing above her, it'd probably piss her off, so I casually crouch down to her level.
"Hey, you okay?"
"Uggh... Leave me alone... I-I can't move my hips...!"
Blushing, she bashfully looks away.
Damn, she's really cute and all, but I should probably get out of here. This %i1is%r the girls' locker room.
