エレン
エレン先生
炎厨矢
"Mmmn, hahhn... Huff, huff..."
I bury my face into those pillowy mounds and take in her womanly scent.
"Hahhn! Y-You're tickling me... Ahn! Ahahnn..."
The sweet smell is tickling my nose too, that particular elegant and delicate smell laced with the pheromones of an older woman.
Between that and the soft and squishy sensation of the breasts pressing against my face, this feels incredible.
"Your boobies are so nice, Ellen-sensei...♪"
(What an obscene pair of tits for a teacher to have!)
I'm already drooling from having these sexy pair of boobs squishing against me.
In my world, this beautiful pair of melons would be hidden from all of her students by some ugly suit or dull blouse.
But Ellen-sensei's outfit is proudly displaying them to me in all their soft, buxom glory.
"D-Do you really like my breasts that much? You're such a greedy little boy... Ahn!"
"I love your boobs so much!"
They're so huge that my little hands can't even grab them completely.
No matter how much I stretch out my fingers, all I find is more pillowy softness.
"Ahn... Mmph, hahh... Ahnn, ahn!"
As small as I might be, I'm fondling her with the hunger of a horny teenager. It's no wonder she's already moaning in pleasure.
There's an alluringly guilty tint to her voice. That's natural, given she's letting her own student touch her like this.
"Does it feel good, having your boobs played with like this?"
"Th-That's... I-I'd never let myself get turned on by my own student doing this to— Ahnn!"
"It seems like you like it, though? In that case, I should do it more and more, right?"
I roughly knead her massive pillowy assets with all the strength my little hands can muster, enjoying the obvious effect I'm having on her.
"Ahnn! T-Takumi-kun! N-Not there— Ahnn!"
Her body twitches and bucks when my roving fingers find her stiffening pink nipples.
(Hmm, seems like these are her weak spots. She's making such cute sounds... She's giving me the kind of painful boner only someone this little gets!)
"Mmm, so you like it here?"
"Ahn! Mmnph, hahhn! Ahnn, ahnn!"
Her moans grow even more shameless as I tweak and tease her most sensitive spots.
(I think she's just about ready for the next step.)
"Hmm, what's that sweet smell? It's coming from around here... Mmnph!"
I take one of those pert pink buds in my mouth and suck hungrily on it.
"Ahn! Ahn, ahahn! Mmnph, ahahnnn!"
Ellen-sensei lets out even louder, more carnal moans.
Her body twitches, and she strengthens the grip holding my small form to her curves.
"Mmm, it's so sweet and delicious... *slurp*! Mmmn, give me more! *schlurp*!"
"Ahnn, it doesn't matter how much you suck, nothing's going to come out... Don't be such a greedy boy, ahn!"
"Aww, but I'm just so happy to be sucking on my mommy's booby like this... *slurp*!"
"Ahn! Mmnm, hahhn... Ahn, ahhnn!"
She moans a high and mellifluous moan—it seems my carefully-chosen words are really hitting her motherly instincts hard.
I swirl my tongue around her nipple as I suck on it, feeling it grow alluringly stiff as I cover it in saliva. 
It's like they're telling me just how much they want me to tease them, and I gladly oblige.
"Let's get the other one out here too."
I roughly rip down the hem of her top.
"Ahn! W-Wait, Takumi-kun, stop! D-Don't look at them..."
"Do you really walk around without a bra all the time?"
Just how much does she enjoy turning men on if she's happy to have these melons bouncing around unfettered all day?
Freed from the tightness of her clothing, I've got a perfect view of her stiff and twitching nipples that sit atop her rosy areola.
"You really are a pervert, aren't you? That's why you wear such a sexy outfit all the time."
"Th-That's not true... I-I don't wear this because of that..."
"Your nipples are so hard, Ellen-sensei. They're sticking out so much... Mmn!"
"Aaahn! Don't tease them like that! Ahhn, ahn! Aaahn!"
"I can't help myself. They look like big, red buttons, and who can resist pressing a big red button? Look!"
"Ahhn!"
Every press of her stiff red buttons makes her let out a high, mellifluous moan.
(Damn, when they're as swollen as this, it's hard to resist going all out and button-mashing them like a kid playing a fighting game!)
"Ahnn! Ahn, ahnn... Ahn, ahn, ahnnn! Ahahnn!"
I mercilessly tease them, driving out sweeter and sweeter moans as she tries to suppress her arousal.
I don't just button-mash, though—I press hard against them, twisting and flicking like I'm executing a sweet combo.
I let my hands explore them with a gleeful, childish curiosity.
"Ahhn, honestly... You're such a naughty boy... Ahhn! Ahn!"
As perverted as my teasing is, she's offering no resistance at all.
Ahh, women with big boobs really do have big hearts too.
"Hmm, I could be naughtier... Like this!"
"Ahhhhnn! D-Don't pull on them like that! Ahhn, hahnn!"
I pinch and pull on her nipples roughly, and the entire wonderful weight of her breasts jiggles and bounces.
"Does this feel good?"
"Ahn, ahnnn! Ahn, ahn... Mmnph, ahn, ahhhnn!"
Seeing her reactions to my tiny hands playing with her to my heart's content inflames my desire to tease her even more.
I start kneading and squeezing her pillowy mounds. Her body twitches and bucks as I do, now unable to hide her excitement.
(Hmm, I think it's just about time to kick this up a notch.)
"You're so sexy when you're turned on, Ellen-sensei. It think it's about time you let me suck on your boobies... Mmnph!"
"Ahahhnnn! Ahnn, ahhn, ahn! D-Don't nibble on— Ahhn, haaahn!"
I nip lightly at the tip of her engorged nipple as I wrap my lips around it. Ellen-sensei jolts and lets out a squeal.
"Mmnnph! Ahh, ahhn! Hahh... Ahn, haaahn!"
Just the tiniest nip of those little pink candies makes her body writhe.
Suddenly, a sweet taste starts to tingle against my tongue.
"Mmmn!?"
Milky white fluid coats my lips, and after a moment's surprise I start to gleefully lap it up, feeling its warmth spreading through my body.
"Wh-Why is there milk coming out? I-I've never— Ahnnn! Wait, Takumi-kun... Ahnn, ahhhnn!"
Perhaps under the effect of my Ero-Magic, Ellen-sensei grows hot and quivery in my hands as I suck on her breast milk.
"I'm so happy, Ellen-sensei. You're giving me all the milk I never got from my mother."
Even little nibbles and suckles make the sweet white liquid squirt out of her nipples in thick rivulets.
"Ahn! Ahhn... Hahhn, ahhn... Ahahhn!"
Ellen-sensei isn't even able to speak, too lost in the pleasure of letting out all of the milk from inside those fulsome breasts.
I lick and lick, but there's no sign of the torrents stopping. Soon, I can't resist.
"Mmn, your milk is so delicious... *schlurp*!"
"Ahhhn! D-Don't suck on— Ahhhn!"
I wrap my lips around her quivering nipple, and start hungrily lapping my tongue against its tip.
"Mmmnph... Ahn, your tongue is so hot... I feel like my nipple is going to melt... Ahnn! Ahn, hahhn!"
She shudders as my tongue greedily circles that fat, pink, leaking bud.
"Ahnn! Ahn, mmn... Ahhn, mmn, ahnn! Hahhnn..."
I don't just focus on the tip, either. I swirl my tongue around her puffy areola, taking in every last drop of milky joy.
It flows out from her nipples like nectar, her moans growing more and more strained as her breasts jiggle in my hands.
"Ahhhnn! Mmnph, ahhn! Ahhhnn!"
Her milk grows thicker and thicker, filling up my throat with even more sticky sweetness.
"Mmmn... It's kind of nostalgic. This must be what it felt like as a baby. It's like you really are my mommy, Ellen-sensei."
"D-Don't say that... We're teacher and student... Ahn, mmn... Ahahnn!"
I suck desperately at her breast like a starving child. Ellen-sensei doesn't stop me—as much as she protests, her motherly instincts won't let her resist.
"It's so delicious... I want to be a baby again! Mmn, mommy!"
"A-A baby wouldn't suck in such a perverted wa— Ahhhn! Ahn, ahhnn!"
"Your boobies are so tashty, mommy!"
"T-Tsk, you're such a needy baby... Mmnph, do you really love Mommy's breasts that much?"
"Yeah! *slurp*! *schlurp*!"
I turn my attentions to her other nipple, licking and sucking to my heart's content.
"Mmmnn! Ahhn, ahhhn! Mnph, hahh... Ahn, ahhnn!"
Ellen-sensei quivers as I attack her other breast.
"There's still so much coming out, no matter how much I drink... So I'll just have to keep sucking! *schlurrrp*!"
I suckle on her nipple with even greater force, as if I'm trying to draw out every last drop.
"Ahahhnnnn! That's— Ahn! My nipples are tingling so much... Ahnn, the milk just won't stop coming out... Mmnph, hahhhnn!"
Her other nipple lets out thick spurts of milk that dribble down her breasts. Her arousal is reaching a very tangible climax.
"It's so sweet and delicious... And really sexy, too. Does it feel good for you?"
"Y-Yeah, it feels so good... Ahhn, I can't believe you're really suckling at my breast... I've never felt like this before... Ahnn, ahahnnn!?"
"Are you about to cum, Ellen-sensei?"
She nods over and over again, blushing in embarrassment, as her eyes fill with a sultry, dreamlike gloss.
"Then I guess it's only fair that, since you're letting me suck your boobs, I make you cum nice and hard... Mmnph, *slurp*!"
"Mmnnn! Ahhn, ahhnn! Mmn, mnn, ahhn, ahnnn!"
I take her nipple's stiff tip between my teeth again, and give it a sharp little nibble, much stronger than before.
Hot milk shoots out in a thick stream into my eager mouth, and Ellen-sensei lets out an ecstatic squeal.
"You can cum any time you want, okay? Mmm, *slurp* *schlurp*!"
"Ahhhnnn! Mmnnph, ahhhhnnn!"
I keep on sucking hard on her quivering teat, driven on by her moans as she approaches the brink of orgasm.
"Ahhhn! T-Takumi-kun! I-I'm... Oh god, I'm going to cum... Hahhhhhhnnnn!!!"
Her body bucks and writhes as if filled with electricity as the waves of pleasure hit her, making her breasts bounce and leap in my hands.
"Ahn, ahahn! Ahn, ahn... Mmnph, ahahhhnnn!!!"
Even more milk sprays out of her breasts, filling my mouth up so much that it spills out all over her enormous mounds.
"Mmmngh! Mmmn!"
I gulp down as much as I possibly can, trying not to spill a single drop.
The milk coats my throat in hot sweetness, somehow having gotten even thicker since she started cumming.
"Ahhnn! My nipples are tingling so much... The milk just won't stop coming out! Ahhn! Mmnph, hahhn!"
Her nipples, normally hidden by her dress, are twitching and quivering proudly atop her breasts in time with her ragged breathing.
"Does it feel good, having your boobies sucked? You've let out so much milk..."
"I don't know why if feels so good, but having my breasts played with by you is amazing... Hahh, hahhh..."
Ellen-sensei quivers with the aftershocks of her orgasm, panting cutely.
I feel a little guilty, to be honest. Either that, or a little sick from all the milk I've drank.
But my lower body, however, has no such qualms about what I'm doing to her—my cock is standing proudly erect.
Despite my otherwise small form, it hardly seems any less huge than normal. Maybe there's just that much nutrition in Ellen-sensei's breast milk?
"Mmm, Mommy... I want you to make me feel good here too..."
I pull out my cock and rub it eagerly against her crotch.
"Huh...? Ahn! O-Oh, Takumi-kun, no matter how small the rest of you is, your dick is still so huge..."
She looks down at my cock with a still orgasm-drunk expression, almost as if she's looking at a cute puppy.
She reaches down and tears her own pantyhose, revealing a pair of panties already soaking wet with her overflowing love juices.
"Wow..."
(Those are some pretty sexy panties for a teacher... They're so lacy, and almost see-through. Does she always wear things like that?)
"Th-This is embarrassing... Don't stare so much..."
"Mommy, why are you so wet down here? C'mon, tell me."
"Wh-What? Y-You already know why, don't you? I don't need to tell you."
I press my cock against her, tracing it down the line of her slit, fully visible through the near-transparent lace.
"Ahhhn! T-Takumi-kun, you're such a tease..."
"I'm sorry! Let me take a proper look at your special place, then."
I pull aside her panties, leaving a string of nectar linking the fabric to her now-exposed slit.
I press the head of my cock against it, coating it in her juices.
"Ahn! Mmn, hahh... Ahn, ahahnn!"
"Mmm, you're so slippery down here..."
I rub up and down her slit, filling the room with lewd, sloppy sounds.
"You're so hot too, Takumi-kun... Ahn!"
"I'm going to put it in, okay?"
She gazes at my eager expression with a gentle smile.
"Hehe, go ahead. Let my pussy make your cock feel really good, Takumi-kun."
With such a beautiful, caring woman giving me an invitation like that, I start to push my shaft inside her quivering entrance.
"Ahhhnnn! Your cute cock is pushing all the way inside me... Ahn, ahnn, it's so big! Ahahhhn!"
I slowly drive deeper into her, feeling the warmth of her walls squeezing around me.
"Ahn... I'm really having sex with my student... And his cock is so hot, it's making me feel... Ahn!"
Her pussy engulfs me down to the base, and clenches tightly around my shaft.
"Hnngh... Your pussy feels so good, Mommy..."
Her walls are massaging my cock so lustfully that it sends shivers down my spine.
"Hehe, you're making such a cute face. Does it feel good? ♪"
Her pussy is almost motherly in the way it's inviting me to do with it as I wish... An invite I'm all too glad to take.
"Mommy... Can I start?"
"Hehe, go ahead. Have as much fun as you want... Ahhhnn!"
The instant she says yes, I give in to my desires and start swinging my little hips as roughly as I can manage.
"Ahn! Ahnn, mmn... Ahn! Ahnn, mmn! Ahhnn!"
Her walls clench with every stroke, diligently massaging my shaft. Ellen-sensei lets out an ecstatic moan each time our hips slap together.
Her pussy is twitching and squirming, struggling to cope with my surprisingly full-grown cock striking so deep inside it.
"Your pussy's leaking so much juice, Mommy..."
"Ahhhn! Don't say that... It's just turning me on so much, having a little cutie like Takumi-kun use my pussy to feel good... Ahnn, ahahhnn!"
Her entrance lets out obscene splutters of wetness with every stroke, her motherly instincts aching from seeing me swinging my hips so eagerly.
"Mmmnph! Aah, ahhn! Mmn, mmn... Ahhn, aahhn!"
I want to fuck her even harder, to really drive deep, but in this small form I don't have the power to truly be rough with her.
"Mommy, will you move too? It'll make my dick feel real good...?"
"Oh, you are a spoiled little one... But I suppose I have to take responsibility for making you this way..."
That has the distinct ring of an excuse... But that suddenly doesn't matter any more when she starts to drive her hips back against mine.
"Ahhhnn! Mmmn, ahahhnn! Ahn, ahhhn!!!"
Her movements are so lascivious that it's like she was made to please me. Her pussy is squeezing my shaft even more ferociously than before.
"Hnngh... Mommy, it feels so good!"
In this form, everything seems so fresh. The stimulation on my cock is almost like what I felt the first time I ever jerked off.
In the face of such intense sensation, I'm instantly pushed to the brink of orgasm.
I can't let this perfect moment end here, though. I desperately hold myself back from letting everything out inside Ellen-sensei.
"Ahhhn! Your cock is rubbing inside me so much, it's making my hips move on their own... Come on, move in time with me! One, two, one, two!"
Hitting perfect rhythm, the sensation of our most intimate parts grinding against each other becomes even more intense.
"Aaaaaahn! Ahn, ahhn! Mmn, ahn... aaah, ahahhhnnn!"
My cock strikes deeper and deeper with each thrust, and the twitching and clenching of her pussy walls grows ever more wanton.
Our hips clash together with abandon, sending obscene slapping sounds reverberating through the room. Splatters of love juices pool beneath us.
"Good boy, Takumi-kun, just like that. One, two, one, two... Ahn, ahhhn, ahahhnn!"
Ellen-sensei gently leads me as if teaching me how to dance.
(Man, it's pretty nice letting an older woman take the lead like this... Well, I suppose it's more like she's treating me like a dumb kid...)
(Who the hell cares anyway, as long as it feels good?)
"Ahn! Ahn, mmn... Ahhn, ahn, hahhn... Ahnn, ahnn!"
Unable to stifle her own arousal, Ellen-sensei's hips start to push back against me with even more wanton abandon than my own thrusts.
"That feels good, doesn't it? You're moving your body in such a perverted way. You're getting really into this, aren't you?"
"H-Hey, don't tease your elders. I can't help myself... You're sucking on my breasts, and making my pussy feel so good too."
"Oh, is that the case? Well, I guess I'll have to take responsibility for that!"
I pull her tightly against me with all the strength my little arms can muster, and grind my hips against hers.
"Ahahhhnn! Your cock's hitting me so deep! Ahnn, ahh! Yes, yes, ahahhn!"
She bucks and writhes, her plump ass rubbing against me in time with my movements.
"Yes, Mommy!"
I push my shaft as far into her deepest parts as I can, our bodies as close as they can possibly be.
"Aahhn! You're so cute, Takumi-kun. You're trying your hardest to make me feel good... Ahnn! Ahn, ahahhn!"
She gazes at me, utterly enraptured, as she pats my head. Seeing her precious student working so hard must really have inflamed her instincts.
Her pussy walls are massaging my cock with exactly the same sweetness and gentleness.
I have no choice but to simply bask in the wonderful sensation of being mothered like this.
"Ahhhn! Ahn, ahahhn! Mmn, ahn! Ahahhn, hyaaahn!"
Both of us slam our hips together with ever-increasing lust, and her moans grow ever higher and more ragged.
When I thrust into the very deepest parts of her pussy, I can feel the entrance to her womb quivering in anticipation.
"Mmm, it feels incredible to be so deep inside of you, Ellen-sensei..."
Every time I push inside her, I feel the tip of my cock just barely touch it.
"Ahn! I can feel it... I can't believe it feels so good to have my student's cock kissing my womb! It's driving me crazy! Ahnn, ahahhnnn!"
Every time I thrust, her body jolts and she lets out a high, lascivious moan.
Those moans drive the last vestiges of reason from my mind, leaving only my most animal instincts.
"Mmnph, ahhhn! Ahn, ahhnn! Ahahhnnn!"
I can tell that Ellen-sensei feels the same. Any pretense of being my teacher has vanished from her face.
Her hips are slamming back against me with such strength that my cock throbs each time it's forced inside her twitching entrance.
"Ahhn! I know it's wrong, I know you're my student... But it feels so good, my pussy feels so good being fucked by my student's cock!"
As much as her reason is telling her she shouldn't be enjoying this, her natural instincts have completely taken over.
"Ahhhn! Ahn, ahahn! Ahahhnnn!"
Her pussy walls are massaging my shaft as if urging me to fill her womb full of my cum.
They squeeze tighter and tighter with every thrust, pushing my resistance to its limits.
"Ahhn! Mommy, I...! I'm almost...!"
The pressure in my body is growing to critical levels. It feels as though my entire body is being lit on fire.
My cock throbs and swells, telling Ellen-sensei exactly how I'm feeling.
"Ahn, I-I've been holding back this whole time too... I'm cumming, I'm going to cum from your cock, Takumi-kun! Ahn, ahhn, ahahhhn!!!"
Our hips slap together with wet, obscene ferocity.
We drive each other closer and closer to the brink of orgasm.
"Ahhhhhn! Ahn, ahhhn! Mmnph, ahhn, ahhn, ahahhhn!"
Her pussy walls constrict around my shaft, all of their little folds squeezing me as if trying to milk me dry.
Each time I drive myself into her wetness, they suck me in hungrily.
"Mommy, Mommy... Something's coming...!"
"Go on, let it all out... Pour all of your thick cum into my womb! Ahnn, ahn, ahahhnn!"
She pushes her plump ass back against me, pressing me against the entrance to her womb. An intense shudder of pleasure races through me.
"Ellen-sensei! I'm cumming!"
"Ahahhhhn! I-I can feel it, your hot cum is filling me up! Mmmnnn!"
Pushing myself as deeply as I can into her, I pour a thick stream of sticky white fluid inside her.
The intensity of the pleasure makes my small body quake, and my vision even begins to blur.
"Ahhhhn! Ahn, ahnn! Mmnph, ahnn! Ahhn, ahahhnnn!"
Ellen-sensei cries out as she bucks and writhes, waves of quivering orgasm crash over her.
It's hard to believe that I can make a mature, dignified woman like Ellen-sensei look so shamelessly erotic...
If anything, the fact that I've ended up so... cute... just seems to have aroused her even more.
I can see flashes of embarrassment in her ecstatic expression, and yet I can feel her pussy twitch and clench my cock even more.
"Hnngh... I'm still cumming...!"
This body's lack of experience is making my own orgasm overwhelmingly powerful. It feels like I might never stop cumming.
Immense torrents of sticky fluid, so much that you wouldn't believe it could fit in a body this small, pour out of my cock.
"Ahhn! You've already cum so much, but it's still coming out? You really are a greedy boy... Ahhnn, it feels so good! Mmn, hahhn..."
My cock throbs again and again, Ellen-sensei's pussy hugs it tightly and lovingly quivers around me.
"Mommy... Take it all inside you..."
"Hehe, of course I will... Use my body to make yourself feel good all you want, Takumi-kun. ♪ Ahh, you look so cute when you're cumming... Ahnn!"
All of her embarrassment at having her pussy filled up by her student is being washed away by her pervert—ahem, motherly instincts.
Jet after jet of cum throbs out of my shaft as she freely lets me shoot every drop out inside her.
"Hahh, hahh... Mommy, let me suck on your boobies too..."
I collapse on top of her as my cock throbs, and find my face tantalizingly close to her milk-covered breasts.
I hungrily take her nipple between my lips and start to lap up the streams that are still leaking out of her as she quivers in the afterglow.
"Ahn! Oh, are you thirsty from all that exercise? Go ahead and drink all you like, there's plenty still coming out. ♪"
I don't have to be told twice. I lap up every drop that is spilling down the soft, springy skin of her breast.
I suck away like a hungry baby on those enormous, milky teats.
Ellen-sensei gently strokes my head as I drink. It's so warm and comforting that I almost wish I could stay in this form forever.
"Hahh, hahh... It's finally stopped..."
Completely spent, I can do nothing but hold her and bury my face in her chest.
"Oh my, are you tired? Hehe, you squirted out so much, you good little boy. ♪"
There's something so motherly and caring about the way she pats my head.
"Having sex with you felt so good, Mommy..."
"It felt amazing for me too... I've never felt like that before. And you came so much too... Ahn, it's pouring out..."
Thick, rivulets of my cum spill out onto the floor from the point where we're still connected.
As our bodies relax, it starts to dribble out into an obscene pool.
"Hahhn... There was so much inside me... For such a little cutie, you're a real sex machine, Takumi-kun, hehe!"
She gazes down blissfully at her leaking pussy as my cock starts to wilt and slip out of her still-twitching entrance.
I keep sucking on her nipples as I enjoy the comfortingly languid feeling of the afterglow.
"It's like you really are my mommy right now, Ellen-sensei..."
"Hehe... I really want a cute little son like Takumi-kun myself now. Maybe I might make you like this permanently, and just keep you to myself."
"We'd be able to be all lovey-dovey like this all this time then..."
She gives me a radiant smile, and I feel my heart twinge.
"Hnngh..."
It's not the only place I feel a twinge either. Despite having only just started to soften, I suddenly find my cock standing to attention again.
"My, that part of you really is rather manly... Hmm, you do still seem to be stuck in this form for the moment, so... Hehe!"
"E-Ellen-sensei, what are you—"
"You've been a naughty boy, Takumi-kun, teasing my boobs so much. I'm going to have to give that dick of yours a little telling-off. ♪"
She grins at me with mischievous glint in her eye.
In the end, I find myself on the receiving end of her "punishment" until my Ero-Magic finally wears off...
