カトレーヌ
炎厨矢
Priest, a ubiquitous class that no RPG party should ever leave home without.
And an archpriest is like a priest on steroids. They're experts of purification and healing magic.
"Urgh... I'm really sorry, Takumi-kun. I don't think I'm doing it right..."
"Oh maaaaan! ♪"
I'd say she's doing %i1just%r fine!
Those luscious tits are but moments away from spilling out of her uniform. She has a look of worry as she stares at my throbbing meat.
Apparently, she doesn't feel like she's a capable archpriestess just yet, so she's a little timid.
But this doesn't have anything to do with her magical ability!
(Oh man, I never dreamed I'd have my dick between a pair of such angel mounds... Aww crap, I'm gonna get a nosebleed for sure!)
Just her face and boobs are enough to make me rock hard, but a titfuck is straight up divine! I must've done some good deeds in a past life.
"Takumi-kun... Are you sure you're okay? It's not just hard, it's so hot and swollen too... Does it hurt?"
"It does hurt a little when it's this hard... Please, Senpai, you're my only hope..."
I wiggle my hips, urging her on.
She looks conflicted, but nonetheless envelops my cock with her enormous tits and pushes them together.
"Whoooa!"
That pressure feels incredible!
"Ahh... *pant* *pant*... I don't really know what I'm doing... How does this feel? Am I doing it wrong?"
"Ah, yes! I mean, no! Th-That's perfect!"
Catherine-senpai has a subtle look of confusion on her face as she stares up at me. What a cutie! That alone might push me over the edge.
Is this heaven? Maybe the nurse's office is the next best thing. Whatever the case may be, it's a bountiful land of the sweetest melons!
Even with her bra on, this feels incredible.
I can feel every subtle movement of her breasts as her eyes alternate between my face and cock.
"So uh, next, I think you should try rubbing them up and down!"
"I-I'll give it a try... Mmm... Ahh... It's so hard..."
She firmly grasps my dick between those two silky soft mounds.
The sensation of her breasts against the head of my cock feels incredible.
(Damn... Those puppies feel like silk against my hard dick...)
It's like slipping into a nice, warm bubble bath. Such is a woman's touch, I suppose.
"Mm... Ahh... A-Am I doing this right? You're only getting bigger and harder... Mm... Ahh..."
I can't help but feel a little guilty as I look down at a deeply blushing Catherine-senpai and her trembling breasts.
I probably wouldn't be nearly as into it if this were any other woman. But with Catherine-senpai, a woman of the cloth...
My cock just can't resist the exciting notion of seeing such a righteous woman disgrace herself like this.
(I wonder what would happen if we took things even further...)
A mischievous thought surfaces in the gutter that is my mind.
"Senpai... Um... If it's not too much to ask, could you spit on it for me?"
"Huh? On what? You mean... on your...?"
"Right... I uh, once read somewhere about the uh, healing properties of saliva, so maybe that'll help..."
It's not entirely a lie. You suck on a finger if you hurt it, right? And a dry mouth is just begging for tooth decay and gum disease.
"R-Really? But... I'd be lubricating your penis... Is that really such a good idea?"
Ohhh yeeeah, she said penis! That's one for the spank bank.
"Isn't it worth a try? Hey, it might be just the thing to add to your magical repertoire! Just ignore the fact that I have a dick!"
"In fact, I can't imagine anything better than having you spit on me and step on me... ♪"
"R-Really? But this just feels wrong..."
"B-But... I'm sure the gods will forgive me just this once... Mmm, here we go..."
My plan is finally coming to fruition. Senpai starts slicking me up.
(Oh maaaan... The archpriestess is anointing my dick with her holy water!)
With my member well lubricated, Catherine- senpai starts rubbing me up and down with her breasts.
My saliva-covered dick being worked by her slickened tits is beyond heavenly!
"Let's continue... Mm... Ah, ngh... It's so much smoother than before... Ahh..."
As Catherine-senpai works me, her bra slowly slips down.
(Holy crap, I got a peek of her cute little pink areola! That might have even counted as a nipple! What a beautiful sight...)
Catherine-senpai spreads the saliva down her cleavage, and she starts to work those enormous tits up and down.
"Mm... Ah... It's so hot... Ngh... Ahh... B-But I need to heal you... This should work... Mm..."
Her colossal tits working me almost feels like an impossible act, like Atlas shouldering the heavens. I wouldn't trade this for anything!
I can feel her body heating up with mine, and her heat is being passed directly into my cock.
(She's really giving it her all, and all to take care of me, even...)
I can't help but feel a little guilty, having such a pure soul do something so dirty for me.
"Ahnn... Ngh... *pant*... How's this? Is it any better? Nnn... Ah..."
"Yes! It feels wonderful... Even better than before, even... Thank you, Senpai!"
"I-I'm glad... Nnn... Ahn... My nipples, they're... What's this feeling?"
Her nipples have been brushing up against her undone bra, and against my bare skin, making her breathe even harder.
Such enormous boobs on such a pure body... The sight of such stunning nipples is starting to make me feel inferior in her holy grace.
"Ah... Ooh... That feels so good... Catherine-senpai, does it feel good for you too?"
"Nnn... Fwah... Ah... Yes... It feels lovely... Nngh... I'm getting dizzy..."
Catherine-senpai looks at me hungrily as she administers her treatment to my dick.
Her nipples are getting harder, no doubt thanks to her tits working me like that.
"Hmm?"
I glance at her awesome tits and... I think there might be something white coming out of her nipples?
I look closer, and see some fine white droplets in fact coming out.
C-Could this be...? It must be a bonus added in by the Ero-Magic!
"Ahnn... Wh-Why...? Fwah... Hahh... It tingles... Ngh... I... I must look so pathetic... Ngh..."
Catherine-senpai must be getting closer too. Another look confirms my suspicion—it's milk! And wow, is she overflowing.
"Wha...? What's this white stuff...? Mmph, this is so embarrassing..."
"I'm sorry, Catherine-senpai... It's all my dick's fault. P-Please, only you can fix it..."
"Hahh, hahh... Nnn... Hahh..."
"Wha—!?"
Without warning, Catherine-senpai suddenly puts the head of my dick in her mouth. She starts licking it ravenously.
"Mmph... I was just worried that my breasts weren't enough... Mmph!"
Is that why she was giving me puppy dog eyes while giving me a boobjob?
And that's why she decided to take my throbbing hard cock into her mouth... I owe you one, Senpai!
"Nngh... Mmmgh... *slurp* Aaah... Mmmph... What's this liquid? I need to... *slurp*..."
Catherine-senpai starts to lap up my pre-cum.
It's almost as if she just wanted to know what it tasted like... She can be so innocently curious at the naughtiest of times...
"Oho, Senpai, you're so good at this! If you could just... lick a bit more... with your tongue..."
"Like this? Mmmph... Pbft..."
Catherine-senpai sticks her tongue out and starts licking the head of my dick.
Just being sandwiched between her enormous boobs made me feel like I'd died and gone to heaven, but now with her tongue licking all around my cock...
"Damn, Senpai! You're amazing! First your boobs, and now your tongue..."
As if this kind of treatment in the nurse's office wasn't enough, getting it from such an angelic girl... And she seems to be into it!
"Ngh... Mmph... Nghah... Nnn... Mmm... Ah... B-But... it's still getting harder..."
(To be honest, this is definitely the work of an amateur, but still... This rocks!)
Her awkwardness only turns me on more. It's like when a batter goes for a sacrifice bunt. Wait, this is no time for baseball terms!
Catherine gently licks my swollen head like it's made of ice cream.
I can't forget about her tits, of course, especially the way she's pressing them together to sandwich my dick while she takes me in her mouth at the same time.
It really is the best of both worlds. Like going to town on a pizza while raw dogging.
"Ngh... Mmmph... Ah... Nnn... *slurp* Ngha! Mmph... *slurp* My jaw's getting tired..."
All the while, she's giving me her combination blowjob and boobjob. My cock is slick from her mouth.
Even her now fully exposed tits are slick with a combination of my pre-cum and her saliva. She could easily crank things up a notch.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Senpai! It just feels so good that I couldn't even think of taking my cock out of your mouth!"
Feeling apologetic, I remove my dick from her mouth and sit up a little.
I then thrust deep into the chasm between her tits.
"Ah! Takumi-kun!?"
My cock is completely sandwiched by her boobs. It's like a reverse titfuck!
When a guy is confronted with such voluptuous tits, what do you expect, really?
(Holy shit! I wouldn't mind getting lost in this valley.)
Catherine-senpai's breasts are surprisingly slick now, my pre-cum and her saliva lubricant her lovely mounds in a sinful yet divine elixir.
They're slick enough that I might slip out if I'm not careful, so I make sure to go at them at an angle.
"Ahh, n-no... You're rubbing against my nipples like that... Ah, it's making the milk flow even faster!"
My motions are making her nipples rub up against the sheets, causing them to produce more milk.
"Daaamn, Catherine-senpai! Your boobs are the best!"
A triumphant feeling overwhelms me as I thrust into her tits like it's a pussy. Her innocence only amplifies my excitement.
As the pressure of her soft breasts around my stiff cock increases, I feel myself getting closer to climax.
"S-Senpai, almost there! It's all thanks to you that I'm gonna feel so much better!"
"Ahh... Hahh... That's great... Make sure it's a big climax... Feel free to cum all over my boobs!"
The Ero-Magic must really be affecting her—I can't imagine her using half of those words ordinarily.
The pressure in my groin suddenly rises, and I know here and now that I'm ready to bust.
"Ah... I-I'm cumming, Senpai!"
With my cock feeling as though it's become one with Catherine-senpai's breasts, I unload onto her chest.
"Ah!? Ngh, wha—!? I-Incredible, there was... so much force... Hyaaah!"
A huge surge of white liquid spills forth from her cleavage, like a dam cracking under pressure.
"Haahh... Ah! It's so hot... My breasts are covered in your hot semen..."
Catherine-senpai seems astonished at the sheer volume of it. However, that shock is soon replaced by something else entirely.
I remove my still rock-hard erect cock from between her breasts...
"Eek!? Ah... Um... N-No, Takumi-kun... W-We can't do that here..."
"B-But look! That should have done it, but I'm still hard as a rock!"
I flex my dick, making it twitch against Catherine-senpai and letting her know in no uncertain terms that it's still raging hard.
Catherine-senpai starts blushing as she lies there on the bed, staring at it.
"Th-That must be very uncomfortable for you... I want to do whatever I can to help... So what should I do?"
"Maybe, just maaaybe, if it were to get a taste of your pussy, it might just take it over the edge and get it back to normal..."
"Very well. It feels a little weird for me to be lying here when I'm perfectly healthy, but... it's for a good cause..."
Holy crap, she's giving me the goods that easily? This feels wrong on so many levels!
Her reluctance is all but a thing of the past now, and she eagerly starts administering her care to my throbbing dick.
I tear away the pantyhose she's wearing and lo and behold, I gaze on the last kind of panties I expected to see on an archpriestess.
(A-A thong!? Damn Senpai! That is so hot!)
I gently tug them off and hand them over to her.
I then position the head of my cock next to her exposed opening and push myself in.
"Ahn... Ah... Ngh... I-It's so hard... Like an iron rod... Nnn... Agh..."
Catherine-senpai is clearly a virgin. To think that I am the intrepid explorer setting foot where no man had... Well, I'm not setting foot, but rather setting dick.
"Ah... Damn, Senpai, you're so tight... Hold on, I'm gonna try to go deeper... Ngh!"
"Don't worry about me, we need to fix your not-so-little problem... Ngh..."
"A-All right then, here goes!"
I tense up my hips and push further in.
"Aauh! Ngh... Ngh! W-Wow... You're going to split me in two... Ah..."
"Oh man... So tight... It's like it's gripping me... Ngh!"
The devil on my shoulder now fully in control, I thrust myself balls deep into Catherine-senpai. Then I start pumping away.
"...!"
Catherine-senpai seems to be at a loss for words, breathless with ecstasy. I guess that makes sense if it's her first time.
I carefully pull myself out about halfway, and then push back in.
With my throbbing head enshrouded in her warm flesh, I have to bite back the growing feeling that I might erupt at any moment.
(Agh... Damn, she's so tight. This feels insane!)
Incredible tightness aside, our shared heat and the lurid slapping created between us fuels our excitement.
I should've known that Catherine-senpai would be beautiful inside as well as outside.
"Ugh... Ngh, ahn... Nnn... Mmph... Could this be a trial sent to me from the gods? A chance for me to become something greater?"
Even as she mumbles to herself, she starts shaking, her pendulous tits swaying to and fro.
Her contractions become more intense, as though she's trying to expel my invading member.
As her shoulders shake with her ragged breaths, I start to withdraw my cock once more.
"Ngh... Hahh... Agh... I-It's okay... Ngh... Hahh... It doesn't hurt... Mmm..."
Catherine-senpai seems lost in ecstasy. This Ero-Magic stuff really is potent...
Perhaps that means I can go a little faster? I start to push in and out quicker.
"Th-That's nice... Takumi-kun, you're good at this... It doesn't hurt at all... Ngh... Ugh... Keep going... Hahh... Ahn..."
"S-Senpai, you feel so good!"
Seeing Catherine-senpai's gentle smile makes me fall for her all the more.
"Hahh, hahh... Senpai, I want more, mooore!"
Catherine-senpai's reaction is so cute I can't help but want to go wild on her!
"Senpai! Catherine-senpai!"
"Eeeek!"
Catherine-senpai's scream echoes through the room.
"Senpai! Ah, that feels great! Your pussy feels so good, Senpai!"
I barely even know what I'm saying as I thrust in and out of her, lost in a dream. I don't think I could stop even if I wanted to.
(Ugh, I'm so sorry! I'm sorry I used my Ero- Magic! But Senpai, you're just so wonderful that I couldn't help myself!)
My cock fills her and I start thrusting harder, faster.
"Agh! I-Incredible... Ah! Y-You're so big, I swear I can feel you in my throat... Ngh!"
As I look toward her quivering breasts, I catch a glimpse of her sweet face. Her lips are trembling, her mouth open.
Her nipples are still leaking too. Maybe it's my imagination, but it's almost like the thrusts of my dick are pumping out the milk.
(I-I never thought breast milk could be so cute... But then again, anything related to her is gonna be cute!)
The resistance I felt initially in her pussy is all but gone now as she gets wetter and wetter.
"You're so hard you're throbbing, Takumi-kun... It must be so painful... Ngh, let me help you... Ahn..."
"Mmph... Ahn, hahh... You're reaching places I never thought possible... Nngh... I can feel your warmth inside me... I'm melting..."
So Catherine-senpai is feeling it too. Maybe it's the Ero-Magic, or maybe it's in Catherine-senpai's nature to give those in need what they desire...
Either way, she's enjoying it, so I feel better about things. Which is a good thing, because I'm so worked up I doubt I could stop either way.
"Hahh, hahh... Senpai, I'm getting dizzy..."
It feels so good it's almost like I'm slowly falling into her pussy dick first.
"Your heat, your hardness, it's all filling me up... Ahh, my legs feel so wobbly... Ngh, I feel all floaty... Ahn..."
"S-Senpai, don't you feel embarrassed, getting so into it during your first time?"
I don't know what possesses me to say that, and I'm sure I'll regret it later, but for now, I don't care.
"Ngah... Hahh, it is a little embarrassing... B-But the heat of your lovely penis is burning all that embarrassment away... Nnn!"
"It really feels that good, Senpai?"
"It really does... Ahn, why does it feel so good? I can't believe how good it feels! I want you to go deeper, harder!"
"We're going to start making some lewd noise if I go any harder. See, hear that?"
I thrust in and out in such a way to deliberately make sloshing noises.
Catherine-senpai blushes as she hears it.
"Hyah... I-Is that my... Is that me? Are you playing a trick on me, Takumi-kun?"
"Right, because I totally had time to set up an elaborate prank like that... You're just that wet! And damn, do you feel good!"
I notice her lips tremble with embarrassment as I fling compliment after compliment at her. Man, she's cute. How can anyone be so cute!?
Her pussy oozes white sticky nectar as I thrust harder and harder.
"Ah... Nnn... Ugh... Ahn... Ngh... Accepting a man's penis like this... I'm so naughty... Urgh..."
"It's fine... You look so beautiful laying down while I impale you on my dick!"
Spurred on by Catherine-senpai's cries of joy, I start to speed up.
I feel a warmth bubbling up from within. I know this feeling well, and I can't hold on for much longer!
"Catherine-senpai! I'm getting close! Nnngh!"
I can feel Catherine-senpai's pussy pulsate as her hot juices flow.
"Hyaaah! Ah... Ahn... Y-You're filling me with so much of your cum! Ngh, ahh..."
Catherine-senpai starts convulsing as I cum inside her, and she somehow manages to become even tighter around my cock.
"Holy shit! Ah... Urgh... You're so damn tight!"
"Wha... I-It feels... nngh... like I'm ascending to heaven... Ahhh... Mmm... Hahhh..."
Maybe it's because I've still got more in the chamber, but her pussy just isn't showing any signs of letting up.
In an attempt to calm her again, I resume my thrusting.
"Eek! Ah!? Wait... No..."
"Aaah!"
Catherine-senpai gets worked up again as I restart my rhythm.
"Hyah! Ah, hahh, ungh... Takumi-kun, please, I'm starting to feel kinda weird!"
"That's proof that it's working! If you don't like it, I'll never feel better!"
"O-Oh? Really? I-In that case... I-I should let the feeling happen?"
"Yes, it's the will of the gods!"
"I see! If it's what the gods want, then I'll let myself feel this way for you, Takumi-kun!"
Did that really just happen? I guess so, because nothing else would have gotten through the ironclad morals of a girl like her.
But hey, whatever!
I just want to push Catherine-senpai over the edge that she's teetering so close to. I carry on with my thrusting.
"Wah... Ah... Ngh... Ahn... Your thick cock is so deep inside of me... Ahn!"
"Nnn... Ahn... Your hot juices... are mixing up with mine... Ahn..."
Catherine-senpai's face displays her pure ecstasy as she savors the feeling of my dick thrusting into her.
The flared head of my cock starts to push my semen out of her tight, wet pussy.
Our juices mix, creating a lurid wetness that I just can't resist.
The noises reverberate throughout the room.
"Hahh... Hyaahh... Agh... Uhn... Ah... Incredible... Wah... Uhn!"
"I feel all floaty... Is this...? Do you need me to feel like this? I-It feels so good... Hahh... It's so good!"
Catherine-senpai keeps getting wetter as she edges ever closer to her climax.
(I-I'm not far off myself! I might just come first!)
Holding back my urge to cum, I focus all my efforts on her G spot.
She was already close, so this ought to push her over the edge...
"Ah, ahn! Nngh! Ah! Th-This is odd... Hyaaah!"
"Hyah! A-Ahn... A-A-Ahhh! I-I'm coming!"
Catherine-senpai is at the threshold. Meanwhile, so am I!
"Whoa, I'm coming again! Senpai, I'm coming... Ugh...!"
I fill Catherine-senpai for a second time.
"Eek, I'm coming, I'm coming!"
Catherine-senpai lets out a cry that shakes the heavens as she reaches her divine climax.
Her pussy gushes all the while. I wonder if she'll notice that small lake of pleasure.
"Hyah, ah, nnngh... Ahn, I'm coming... Ahn, you're deep inside of me and I'm coming!"
Speaking of gushing, her nipples are still producing a ton of milk and her tits are covered in the stuff.
"Ahn... Ahh... Ah... Ngh... Mmm... Ah... Hahh...!"
Catherine-senpai arches her back as she lays on the bed, basking in her rapture.
She's covered head to toe with cum, juices, milk, and sweat.
Someone up there must be smiling down on me, because this was one hell of a blessing!
"Senpai, you were so cute!"
"Ah... Hahh... I-Is your penis... feeling better now...?"
"Yes! And if this ever happens to me again, I know just the one to come to for help."
"Heehee... Any time..."
Catherine-senpai looks up at me with a gentle smile of approval.
