かぐや
みぞれ
みぞれ大人
エレン
エレン先生
オルガ
カシュニア
カトレーヌ
ショート青髪
ダークエルフ
ドラゴン娘
ナオミン
フィー
ミャウ
リディア
俺の妹
女の子
女子生徒Ａ
女子生徒Ｂ
小さい女の子
尻尾娘
炎厨矢
舞奈
英玲奈
角の女の子
金髪ドリル
金髪美女
黒髪の女性
黒髪ロング
"Oye, ¡estúpido! ¡Deja de acaparar el baño y sal de ahí!".
"¡Cállate, mocosa! ¡Solo llevo dos horas aquí!".
"Sé que estás ahí fantaseando con lo que lees en esos libros sucios. Pero no lleves una muñeca sexual y lo reproduzcas".
"¡Una hermanastra debería apoyar más las fantasías de su hermanastro!".
"¡No lo creo, pervertido! ¡Hum!".
Como siempre, mis planes de novela erótica se ven interrumpidos por la idea de que mi hermanastra quiere convertirse en una artista de manga erótico.
A pesar de ser plenamente consciente de que soy un cretino horriblemente inmoral, ese pensamiento es extrañamente atractivo.
Es tan atractivo que se ha convertido en una especie de fantasía, casi como un ritual que me hace feliz.
"Me he esforzado bastante en este. Je, je, je... Solo esperen, criticones infelices".
Los odio y los maldigo por publicar siempre críticas hirientes sobre mis grandes ideas.
...
......
"¡¿Hola?! Yo también necesito bañarme, ¿eh?".
"No creas que voy a dejar que te quedes ahí durante horas solo porque seas guapo... ¡Ah! ¡Tengo una idea! ♪".
Mana entrecierra los ojos como un duende confabulador.
"Si no entiendes con palabras, tendré que obligarte a salir... ¡Y no me arrepentiré!".
Unbeknownst to me, Mana begins to turn the water heater's temperature to max.
"Huh? Is it just me, or is this water getting warmer? Hey, Mana! You turned the temperature up, didn't you!?"
"Get out now or I'll turn it up more! I'm fed up with you always daydreaming in the bath!"
"All right, how about this? I have a good idea that may benefit us both!"
"Why don't we bathe together? I'll even give you a massage... %i1Anywhere%r you want!"
%150; "I hope you die in there!" 
"Uh oh, I got a hard-on thinking about your boobs. Now I can't get up anyway. Whatever will I do?"
"Why on earth would I let you massage my breasts!?"
"All right, all right! It's so hot! What if this causes permanent damage to my precious body parts!? Turn it down already!"
(He's trying to make me feel sorry for him, but desperate times call for desperate measures!)
Before long, a warning sound emits from the heater like a malfunctioning robot.
"H-Hey! Th-This isn't funny, Mana-san!"
"I-I'm trying to turn it down, but it's not doing anything!"
%150; "What!?" 
I jump out of the bath as quick as humanly possible and run to the door. Even though it isn't locked, I can't get it to open!
%150;Arrgh! Why won't it open!?
The heater continues making increasingly dangerous-sounding noises.
"Aargh! I don't know what to do! It won't stop! It could explode any second!"
The moment I comprehend what she said...
"Whoa!"
%150;SPLASH!!
"Huh? What!?"
"Huh?"
"What!?"
"Eh?"
"Eek!"
"Hm? Aaah!"
"Eh!?"
"Huh..."
"Ouch... W-Wait, wh-where am I? What!? Whoa!! I think I died and woke up in booby heaven!"
I see naked girls all around me, each with explosively voluptuous breasts that I wouldn't even be able to cup with both my hands.
Upon closer inspection, these girls are a mixture of various races. I've never seen real elves or girls with tails before!
Just where is this bath!? I've never seen anything like it!
My internal monologue is interrupted when one of the blonde girls begins to speak.
"Wh-Who are you? How did an insolent lecher such as yourself break through the sixth magical barrier!?"
Th-The sixth what!? This girl is pretty hot, but she sounds slightly delusional...
"W-Wait a second... I-Is this heaven...?"
"If you wish to go to heaven, I would be happy to send you there myself."
She shines brightly and becomes clad in a skimpy set of metal armor that actually wouldn't protect against much at all.
"Huh!? Are you for real!?"
The girl draws a sword and shoots out a ball of lightning from its tip toward me.
I frantically twist my body to dodge out of the way.
"H-Hey! I'm not an enemy!"
Woah! It may sound like I'm exaggerating here 'cause I'm narrating it, but this really seems like another world!
I can imagine people's comments trailing across my vision as if it were streaming online.
Anyway, I might be in real danger here!
%150; "Resistance is futile!!!" 
Lightning fills my vision, and suddenly everything goes dark.
In a dizzy haze, I see a somewhat familiar figure of a girl standing beyond the light.
"Erena..."
I say a name without even thinking...
(Welcome back.)
I lose consciousness completely as I hear that familiar voice come from within the visage of voluptuous breasts.
"I would like everyone to give a warm welcome to our newest student, Takumi-kun. He might be a male, but be nice!"
A lot happened since I was almost burnt to a crisp in the girls' bath. Meet the first male student of Yggdrasil Girls' Magical Academy!
"Hehehe... Hello all! I look forward to getting to know all of you little daemons!"
I decide to unleash the inner child within me and introduce myself with my right hand dramatically covering my face.
......
Dammit! I see superheroes do this pose on TV all the time... I was sure it would work in a fantasy world!
Did I just go and destroy my reputation here from the get-go...? Argh! I'm such an idiot!
Just as I was desperately thinking what I could do to rectify my first impression...
"Huh? Little daemons? You think we're evil? Teehee, you're cute, Takumi-kun! ♪"
"I think you're my type. I might just have to attack you! ♪"
Whoa! So that pose %i1did%r work! I think I'm going to like this world.
"Okay, okay. Quiet, everyone! Takumi-kun, you can share Erena-san's textbook for the time being."
"Okay!"
Even Ellen-sensei has massive breasts...
I take my seat while staring at them like a basilisk stalking its prey.
"You think Ellen-sensei's breasts are that great?"
"Eek!"
"Ah, now that I think about it, you were staring at the other girls' breasts like a perverted orc back in the bath, too."
The cool, black-haired beauty standing before me is the angelic Amatsuka Erena—a witch, and the only person here I know.
We were neighbors as kids, so we often played together.
But my family moved away when my mom changed jobs, and I hadn't seen her since. To think I'd find her in another world of all places!
I guess she inherited her mom's witch blood and enrolled here to hone her witch powers.
"N-No! I-I just glanced at yours because I was surprised they got so big. Is that so bad?"
"Oh yeah? I know it has nothing to do with my breasts. You were a pervert even back then! ♪"
"By the powers invested in me as class president, I order you two to shush! Class is in session!"
This tsundere class president is a Dark Elf named Naomin Ibah Lucile.
Oddly, I knew that already. Maybe it's a skill I got when I arrived here, but I can see details of people in my field of view like a HUD.
"Sorry, fake-tan class president."
"H-How dare you call me that! That's an insult coming from a dirty human!"
"Hehehe... You think I'm dirty? I'm honored!"
"That was not meant as a compliment!"
She has a strong personality like a typical class president, but she seems particularly strict toward me as a male human.
"I don't believe we've been introduced. My name's—"
"So, Erena, mind if I share your textbook?"
"H-Hey! Don't ignore me!"
"Huh? What? I guess you've got my attention now..."
I decide to humor Kashnia as I stare at her explosive breasts.
"Know my name! For I am Kashnia Blood Claussell, leader of the vampires and future ruler of this world!"
"Ignoring Kashnia of the great vampires is an unforgivable crime!"
Snap! I see vampires quite a lot in light novels, but I didn't think I'd be targeted by one so soon!
Kashnia Blood Claussell... A girl with blonde drills that suddenly appeared, declaring herself a vampire.
She may have a condescending attitude, but I'm not sure she has what it takes to rule.
"E-Excuse me... W-We're in class... *sob*..."
Sorry, Ellen-sensei!
"Phew, it's over!"
I run out of the classroom as the class ended to avoid being attacked with annoying questions.
"So, what to do next!? ♪"
It's like when you start a new game and clear the first area, and now you're thrown into a world map with no idea where to go.
"Takumi-saaan! Long time no see!"
"Huh? Another person in this world I know?"
I thought Erena was the only person here I knew. Or is this girl just pretending to know me to get something out of me?
"We're bound by the Red Thread of Fate and destined to be w-w-wed someday! ♪"
"Err, halt right there a moment! It seems you know me, but I have no idea who you are..."
"What? Don't you remember my crying voice? Myahh, myahh!"
"Hmm, it does ring a bell. But you can't be... That bird I saved when I was a kid?"
I did save an injured bird once, didn't I...?
It did sound weird... Kind of like, "Myahh, myahh!" I suppose.
"Yay! I knew you'd remember, Takumi-san! In fact, I'm not a bird, but a magic dragon! ♪"
It wasn't a bird!?
I went to the forest almost every day for a while to take care of it, but it suddenly disappeared. I always wondered if it was okay...
Her name is Myau Orphel, a magic dragon girl.
"I was worried when you suddenly disappeared, but I'm glad you're okay! And your breasts grew so big!"
I grope Myau's breasts in celebration of their wondrous growth.
"Aaanh! Takumi-san, there's a time and place for that behavior! I do need to repay you, but the other girls may get jealous!"
Such awesome marshmallowy softness! You can't ask me to stop now!
Other girls glance over as I feel Myau's breasts over her uniform.
"Aaanh! Takumi-san, everyone's looking... We can't do this here— Ah, aaanh!"
Such youthful softness and elasticity... I could do this all day! Alas, I decide to respect her wishes and remove my hands from her personage.
I would very much like to %i1catch up%r with her sometime at the maid café she works at part-time.
"Senpai! I will protect you, Senpai. I transferred here from the Yggdrasil Faculty of Magical Science in order to do so."
Err, to protect me? That's news to me...
This is Phee Kissthermite, an unsurprisingly large-breasted girl with short hair that actually suits her quite well.
"I am a battle homunculus. The Philosopher's Bone within me is a world-class item that grants me great magic and strength."
"Aha... It must be powerful to allow you to fight with such huge breasts..."
"Indeed. Its inventor made them this way in your honor, Senpai."
Phee's cheeks blush a rosy pink.
In my honor? How did the inventor know exactly how I liked them!?
She may seem embarrassed, but she looks happy.
"A-Are they to your liking, Senpai?"
"I like them so much, I just wanna grope them right now!"
"Hehe... I'm glad!"
Phee gives off a bashful smile that is really soothing after being on the brink of death earlier.
"Also, I can use this Bone's magic to become a body suit for you. I can wrap around you... like th-this, in battle."
Phee pushes her otherworldly huge breasts into my chest and begins chanting.
"Y-Your breasts are— Haaah, haaah..."
"Haaah... Senpai, I can feel something poking against me... Haaahn..."
"Oh, sorry... Just thinking about wearing a beautiful woman on me woke my trouser snake from its slumber..."
"Haaah, haaah... I feel so naughty for touching your skin directly, but I can do this to become one with your body."
I'll do my best to make you feel right at home!
"That's such an awesomely erotic power you've got."
I wouldn't fare so well in battle myself, but Phee seems pretty battle-hardened. I can leave any battles to her!
"T-Takumi-nii... The boy who d-disturbed our bathtime before..."
A petite girl suddenly comes up to me with an innocent expression—somehow, it's as cold as ice.
This is Yukinokoji Mizore, a first-year student. Her mother is a famous figure skater, and Mizore-chan skates like a fairy herself.
She's deceptively short for her age and hates being treated like a child, but she's too darn cute when she's mad.
Anyway, she seems to love that cart she's always pulling around. Is that her true body? Nah, let's not foreshadow anything.
Just as I'm pondering that particularly meta thought...
"Were you turned on in the bath with us earlier...?"
Heck yeah I was! But that's not the kind of question I'd expect someone so innocent-looking as her to ask!
"Only a tiny bit. Don't worry!"
I don't know why I said, "Don't worry," but Mizore-chan smiles the cutest smile I've seen so far today.
"Only a little? Hey, Takumi-nii, feel like skating with me for a while? I could teach you!"
I could think of a number of things I'd like to %i1do%r with you! Though I can't imagine they'd be very comfortable on solid ice.
With the most gentlemanly of motivations, I put on some skates and allow Mizore-chan to teach me.
"Well, here goes noth— Whoa!"
I'm so bad at this! I can't even stand on the ice without falling over almost immediately.
I much prefer watching girls do the Biellmann spin in slow motion.
Nevertheless, I get back up slowly and manage to stand up with my legs trembling like a newborn deer.
"You're quite good...!"
"You really think so!?"
I can't hold back a sarcastic remark in response to Mizore-chan's vain attempt to encourage me.
"You're leaving already, Takumi-nii? Can I have a goodbye kiss?"
To tell the truth, I haven't had an actual kiss in a long while, so this is an exciting proposition.
"Well, I'm flattered, but what if someone were to see me kiss you here? I might get arrested..."
"You don't have to worry about that!"
"How about now, Takumi-nii? Am I woman enough for you now? Teehee!"
"Whooaahh! Hot babe alert!"
I didn't mean to say that aloud...
"Until next time, Takumi-nii. Mwah, mmngh!"
"Mwahh! Mmngh, mwah... See ya, Mizore-chan!"
That goodbye kiss was pretty intense...
"Oops, that was a very naughty kiss! ♪"
%i1Very%r naughty indeed!
"You're turning red, Takumi-nii..."
Mizore-chan bashfully peers up at me from below.
I'm not gonna want you to leave if you look at me like that, Mizore-chan!
I would like to stay with her longer, but I have stuff to do today.
"Bye bye! ♪"
"Adios, amiga! Au revoir!"
I say my farewells to babe-form Mizore-chan, who is still skating, and leave the ice rink.
"Mmngh... Is this what kisses are like? Mmngh, mwah, mmmn..."
"And to pleasure a man... Hahmm, mwah... *lick* *lick* *slurp*... *schlurp*... Mmmngh...?"
"Huh?"
I somehow walked in on Lydia-chan practicing some salacious activities on her lonesome.
Should I announce my presence? Or maybe I should sneak up behind her, grab her breasts, and shout, "GUESS WHO!?"...
While seriously trying to decide which course of action to take, Lydia-chan suddenly turns my way.
"Eek! Err! T-Takumi-senpai!"
"H-How long have you been th-there? How embarrassing..."
"You know, I respect a girl who practices how to pleasure a man. There's nothing to be ashamed of!"
This large-breasted but timid girl is Lydia-chan, a succubus in her first year.
"I'm supposed to be a succubus, but I'm totally useless when it comes to pleasuring a man..."
"Well, if there's ever anything you need help with, I'll do my best to be of assistance."
(Welp... Those are some awesome breasts... I really wanna grab them from behind and grope them to my heart's content.)
"Thank you, Senpai! I-I would... very much like your h-help some time...!"
Lydia-chan looks down, too embarrassed to elaborate further.
"Of course! I can help you in any position you desire!"
Lydia-chan gave off an awkward chuckle in response to my blatantly suggestive proposition.
After talking for a while, we both decide to part ways for now.
"U-Until next time..."
"See ya!"
Lydia-chan is so darn cute!
"You! You are the pervert who saw me naked for free! You must go head-to-head with me to prove your innocence!"
"Meaning, I should have paid you?"
I managed to anger the crusader once again.
I did see the arena while I was being shown around the campus, but I didn't think I'd be using it so soon.
This girl clad in revealing armor is Olga, a second year like me. She's a strong-minded warrior and particularly boorish.
It seems she enrolled here after realizing she couldn't get by with her sword-fighting skills alone even if she maxed them out.
Deciding to learn magic to bolster her capabilities is great and all, but I do wish she didn't focus her man-hatred toward me.
"What are you looking at? It seems you are as shameless as other men, violating women with your chauvinistic, beastly gaze."
"Give me a break, show-off crusader! I know you're a masochist in disguise."
"You really are a baseborn, adolescent orc. Prepare to face judgement!"
That instant, I suddenly feel empowered by an Ero-Magic skill.
But what kind of Ero-Magic is it? I'd better use it now, else my next chance will be as I float down the Sanzu River!
I have to use it now regardless!
"Hehehe..."
"What!? Aaah! My clothes!"
As I cast the Ero-Magic, Olga's skimpy set of armor is instantly torn away from her now-naked body.
"Wowzers! Hehehe, I could feel these up all day long!"
"Gah! Aaah... Grr! Stop... it... Hnngh..."
Thanks to the Ero-Magic, Olga's previously forbidden voluptuous body is now mine for the taking.
Her skin is surprisingly supple for a muscular woman who can swing such a huge sword around!
My apologies, Lady Olga!
"Yaaanh! Haaah, haaah... You beast! Using m-magic in this way... Haaah..."
Her cries are so erotic, you'd think she's asking for more!
My hands, already attacking Olga's being, cannot help but wander more intensely.
"Taaake this! And this!"
(It feels like there are... several hands— Haaanh... violating my body, hnngh...)
My hands are in heaven!
I position a finger in front of her entrance before penetrating her as if barging into a barricaded door.
Surprise! She's slick inside already...
She wriggles her childbearing hips as she allows me to continue my invasion.
"I guess it makes sense for a crusader to be tight down there. It's never been besieged before, has it?"
I brazenly examine her with my finger as she visibly struggles to bear the pleasure.
Unable to stop and desperate to win, I await her response.
"Well, h-has your body ever been %i1b-besieged%r before!?"
"Wha..."
Dammit! This cheeky zealot... I was sure I was winning!
"Y-Youuu! You're gonna regret that!"
I concentrate my finger's movements onto the most sensitive places as one of my fingers finds another entrance.
"You leave my asshole alone! Haaah... You will f-face divine wrath for p-penetrating two holes at once... Aaaaaah..."
Olga writhes as I investigate her ass-pussy.
Her ass tightens powerfully around my finger, clearly loving the attention.
(Haaah... This is a hundred times better... t-than anything I can do alone... I... Hnngh...)
Her nipples and clit harden the more I wriggle my fingers inside of her.
"Hyah! Is this the first time you've even been touched by a man? Hehe."
It was easy to tell by the sheer amount of sticky white liquid that was seeping onto Olga's thighs.
"Aaah... Stop, aaahn... No... No more! Yaaahn, aaaaaahn..."
"That's more like it! Hahaha!"
"Haaah, haaah... I... I lost..."
My victory was inevitable. The end justifies the means!
My prize can be you being my slave for a day! ...Or not, 'cause I'm not that mean.
"We should do this again, but I expect more of a challenge next time. You'd better hone your skills a little more!"
Boasting of my victory, I leave Olga, whose cheeks are now a rosy pink.
"Takumi, huh... He made me cum without even touching me... Haaah, haaah..."
She clenches her fists in frustration with herself, thick liquid dripping down her thighs, feeling the afterglow of my fingers inside her.
I made my way to the nurse's office, probably one of the best places on the entire campus.
The calming, slightly older girl in front of me is Catherine e Romancia, a third year who's also the nurse's assistant.
It could be because she's an archpriest, but I feel like I must make a confession to her heavenly breasts.
"Ah, you're the boy who came from another world... Takumi-kun, was it?"
"Y-Yes, ma'am! *drool*..."
"Umm, my face is up here..."
She chides me kindly, turning a blind eye to my raging adolescent hormones.
"If you are ever injured in battle, feel free to come and see me. I'll heal you up to full spirits! ♪"
"I'll do that, Senpai! A-Actually, you see, I hurt my lip during a quest earlier..."
"I was wondering if you would kiss it better, Catherine-senpai!"
My eyes go bloodshot as I very brazenly ask Catherine-senpai to kiss me.
"What you need, Takumi-kun, isn't just a kiss, but... Mmngh, mwah, mmmn... Mmngh..."
Senpai does her duty honorably, even gently using her tongue in the process.
"Aaahn... No... groping... Yaaahn, haaahn... Hah, hah, nnh..."
With her body pressed lightly against mine, I fondle her breasts and kiss her tongue as it enters my mouth.
"Haaah, haaah... E-Enough, Takumi-kun! We can't be doing this..."
She pulls her lips apart from mine as she attempts to stop herself from committing impermissible sins.
(Hear me, lord. Forgive my carelessness, for I have sinned. I k-kissed a boy for the first time...)
(My mind went totally blank as my instincts took over. Aaahn, I cannot allow it to happen any longer.)
"Sorry, but I just wanted to %i1confess%r to your bountiful, womanly breasts. It was like the lord himself was calling to me."
"I see... Well, i-it is my duty to hear any confession. I suppose you may use my body if it is what you require for spiritual rebirth."
O' lord, I feel truly blessed this day!
"Ohhh, Senpai!"
And so, I went on to confess %i1all%r of my transgressions to Senpai's divine boobies like a very sinful boy indeed.
This isn't Japan, but for some reason, I can smell Japanese tea?
The fond smell of tea draws me in to some kind of tearoom.
"Ah, welcome, Takumi-chan! Can I help you?"
"I just followed my nose here. The tea smells so good!"
This black-haired beauty is Uzuki Kaguya, a third year.
Come to think of it, the average breast size of the girls here is remarkably large. I wish it was like this back home...
"Takumi-chan, you must be lonely coming to this world all by yourself so suddenly."
"Oh, for sure..."
My thoughts had been entirely occupied by boobs until that point, but her comment makes me think a little.
I come to the conclusion that this world must have been made for me. Fantasy and boobs all in one!
"I've been getting along pretty well with some of my classmates so far, but..."
"Huh!?"
"I do miss my mommy back home! *snuggle* *snuggle*..."
"I never took you for a mommy's boy, but your secret's safe with me! *pat* *pat*..."
(Aaah... Kaguya-senpai's boobs are so soft! I could stay in this world forever... Huh?)
This is some well-timed Ero-Magic!
"Motherly Skinship with Kaguya-senpai" Ero-Magic! Can she give me what my mom refused to give me for years?
Seeing no need to refuse, I give in to my instincts and cast the Ero-Magic.
"Takumi-chan, a boy is never too old to receive motherly love. My boobs are bursting just for you, sweetie."
"Mwahh... Thanks, Mommy! *slurrrp*..."
I can't get enough!
"Haaahn... Takumi-chan, haaahn... You're sucking so... sexually, haaahn..."
"Because your boobs are so sexy, Senpai... They make me feel like a baby again... Mwah *slurp*..."
"Ah, aaah... Nngh... Is it good? Ah, aaahn... Nnh..."
"Nnh, haaahn... I can feel you... licking around my nipples... Like a man during foreplay... So good, aaahn..."
I bite gently while licking her nipple.
"It feels so good... when you bite... Nnnh..."
Her response together with her pleasure-filled expression excites me to no end.
"Aaahn... Takumi-chan, you're being a very naughty boy..."
The more I suck, the harder it is to stop.
Her nipples are so pointy! Mwahh!
(Aaah, ahn... The licking... The sucking... It feels so good, my pussy is melting...)
"Aaahn... S-Stop... N-Naughty baby, aaahn... I'm c-cumminggg!"
"Haaah, haaah..."
Kaguya-senpai's motherly instincts worked wonders to satiate my ever-burning Oedipus complex.
Well, that was a rather busy boob-filled day...
Suffice to say, I don't miss my world one bit.
If this were a light novel, I'd start off being invincible with maxed out magic skills... But I'm still a noob here!
I'm not sure where it comes from, but this "Ero-Magic" sure helps.
I made up the name myself, but it somehow empowers me at a subconscious level to satiate my lustful desires and fantasies.
Intriguingly, it seems to work flawlessly even against high-level warriors and witches. It's so powerful!
It can bring any woman to her knees!
Suddenly, I feel pure energy rush through my body. It's as if I have been charged with a divine quest.
No, I'm not dying in a fire or anything... Not yet, at least.
"With this Ero-Magic, I may be able to %i1defeat%r every female in this world..."
I guess I'll start by conquering the Yggdrasil Girls' Magical Academy!
Even in this world, the girls' uniforms are much like the ones back home. They'll also be uniformly dominated by yours truly!
If I fail here, world domination will be impossible.
"This academy and its boobies shall be mine! My ambitions shall be fulfilled! It's my destiny!"
"Now, however, it is time for bed. I can't have the fake-tan class president mad at me for being late, now can I?"
The day's achievements suddenly catch up to me as I fall fast asleep in the comfort of my otherworldly bed.
So begins my noble quest for boob domination!
