エレン
エレン先生
カシュニア
ナオミン
炎厨矢
"We'll be starting today's lecture on matter transference. Simply chanting the incantation written there allows for instantaneous transportation."
Today's lecture on what is essentially teleportation is being held out in the courtyard so that we can put it into practice.
I mean, our classroom IS tiny. And people have gotten %i1permanently%r stuck in walls before, so... Doing this outside is probably for the best.
"The range that the matter can be transferred is generally proportional to the user's level of ability. I'll go first, to give you an example."
She chants the spell, then a magical circle forms beneath her, and she vanishes and reappears on the other side of the courtyard fountain.
"Whoa, that's awesome!"
"Oh, don't sound so amazed. That slight show of magic is nothing to be impressed by."
Kashina's bazooka boobs sway from side to side as she shakes her head condescendingly.
"What are you saying? Could you do better?"
"Hmph, isn't that obvious? Now, step back and let the great and wonderful Kashina show you what %i1true%r power looks like."
Brimming with confidence, Kashina chants the spell herself. Just like before, a magic circle pops up underneath her, and she vanishes instantly.
"Yeeeeek!!"
Kashina shrieks, having reappeared in the middle of the fountain, right on top of one of the spurting jets.
She somehow managed to underestimate the distance she'd have to travel and ended up going for an impromptu swim.
"Eugh, I'm drenched. Oooh, this is just awful!"
"Ha ha! I know it's hot out today, oh great and wonderful one—but if you couldn't resist a dip, shouldn't you change into your swimsuit first?"
Kashina glares daggers at Naomin, the dark elf who dares mock her earnest attempt at teleportation.
"Hush, you! That was just... Umm... Everyone has days when they aren't at their best, so there!"
"Oh, my. Everyone, be sure to mind your surroundings when you try for yourself, all right?"
Ellen-sensei's gentle warning seems to have been prompted by Kashina's sopping wet figure.
"Yes ma'am! ♪ Heh heh!"
"Grrrrhn!"
"Well! Takumi-kun, let's have you give it a go. The key is to clearly envision the location where you would like to appear."
Whoa, it's my turn already!? Crap, I shouldn't have been laughing at Kash-tan!
"Uh... Sure, no problem."
Right. Okay. Picture where you want to go... Where I want to... hm?
While I'm trying to envision my ultimate destination, a new Ero-Magic spell pops into my head.
Ooh, and this one's called... "Zoom In"?
Huh. I get the feeling that I've heard that in a video game. Pretty sure it was for some teleportation spell, too... Naaah, couldn't be.
Still, there's something about the name that just %i1calls%r to me. So, I go ahead and cast that new Ero-Magic spell without a second thought.
"Well, that's that. Let's do this!"
I start to chant the incantation for the teleportation spell.
The scenery around me stretches, converging into a distant point of white light. Just like a sci-fi movie, when a ship is jumping to lightspeed.
Then I'm sucked straight in without a moment's notice.
